The air moved.
The blue-white light that had enveloped me until then faded into the distance.
Eventually, I saw the dirty ceiling.
My right arm stretched out toward the spot was slightly different from my left arm, which was also stretched out.
My right arm is made of mechanical parts, bare from the wrist up.
My fingers move smoothly, but every time they do, there is a small metallic scraping sound.
Then, he slowly raised his upper body.
Then, I slowly raised my upper body, and realized that the pale light I had been seeing earlier was a gently curved oval-shaped lid.
It seems that I was asleep inside this capsule-like something.
Where am I?
Who am I?
Why am I here?
I ask myself these questions, but I can't find the answers.
I try to go back in my memory, but all I have is the memory of a pale light.
I decided to get out of the capsule and walk around the room to look for clues to my memory.
I knew how to walk, but it had been a long time since I had done so, and I was unsteady on my feet.
I walked slowly, taking care not to fall over.
The air was lukewarm, and dust clung to my throat as I took in air into my lungs.
The dust in the air was exposed along the streaks of light coming through the holes in the ceiling.
The building had probably been unoccupied for quite some time.
There was a thin layer of dust under my feet.
I wondered what this place was used for.
There were countless oval capsules scattered around the large room.
Most of them were open.
The contents were empty.
Occasionally, one would be closed, but there was nothing inside.
It seems that I'm the only one in this room.
--No, to be precise, I'm not.
There are people present, leaning on oval objects or lying on the floor.
But no.
That is not a person, to be precise.
It would be more accurate to say that it is a humanoid object.
The humanoid object had mechanical parts peeking out from under its skin.
From the neck up, it was made of mechanical parts.
Some had bare mechanical arms.
The lower half of the body was torn off, revealing the mechanical parts.
Then I remembered what the humanoid object was.
A partner made for ningen, for ningen.
It is the closest thing to a ningen, equipped with emotions as well as the five senses.
I reach for the phylloid, which is no longer active.
I reach out my hand to the inactive phylloid, the bare parts of which are not covered with skin, much like my right hand.
This is a factory.
This is where I was made.
The ...... facility must have been abandoned for some reason near completion.
As I stared at my mechanical right hand, before it was covered in artificial skin, I concluded that this was the most likely possibility.
Realizing my own existence, I walked towards the wall.
There was an old automatic door, and right next to it was a dusty LCD panel with the word "CLOSE" on it.
I touched the machine with my hand.
As soon as I felt something cold like electricity on my bloodless fingertips, the display said "OPEN" and the door opened.
I wondered if I could get out of here.
I wondered if there was anyone left in this facility.
I wanted to meet them.
I wanted to meet a ningen.
Let's go find my partner.
I pushed open the door to the outside.
To prove my existence.
When I returned home, I went to the living room first.
There, I found a music box that was still broken.
I unraveled the book I borrowed from the library and learned about its structure.
As I had expected, the gears inside were broken.
So no matter how much I turned the handle, the disc would not turn and the sound would not play.
...... But what to do with this gear?
Is it possible to make it to the exact size as described in the book?　No, it's impossible.
Without an answer, I continued on through the pages of the book.
At the end of the book, there was a list of products by manufacturer and a list of parts used.
As I skimmed through the book, my eyes caught on something.
What I found out was that the manufacturer of this music box was also a clock maker.
If that was the case, then they might have used the same parts for the precision parts as the watches.
Suddenly, I remembered the one I had broken in Mad's store.
If that watch ...... was to be thrown away because it was no longer useful, it would be .......
With the gears and other parts inside the clock, I might be able to fix the music box.
Ray, what are you doing?"
Just as I saw the possibility of repairing it, Siona came into the living room.
"Siona, listen. Listen, Siona, I think I might be able to fix the music box with the parts from the clock in Mr. Mads' store.
Are you sure?　Really?
Siona was smiling even more happily than usual.
I could tell from her expression that she was happy.
But don't take it too hard. You don't need a music box, but you can still sing.
Siona picked up the music box and began to sing.
She picked up the music box and began to sing the song that she had sung in the chapel.
It was a nostalgic song.
The song that warmed the depths of her heart.
As Siona gazed lovingly at the music box, my resolve grew stronger.
I want to fix this music box for her.
And I want to make her happy.
This thought swelled in my mind.
I'll go back to Mr. Mudd's store tomorrow.
I'll ask him if he can give me the watch.
But there was one thing that bothered me.
I had broken the watch.
I apologized, but it was still difficult to go somewhere.
I was afraid that Mr. Mads would yell at me again.
I want to make a lot of people smile with this song of yours.
Siona's words reached me when I was hesitating.
This song is orange, ...... and I'm sure it can turn many people's hearts orange. It's a song that was written with the hope that it will. That is my brother's wish. That's why I want this song to be heard by many people. And I want to make a lot of people smile. That's my wish."
Siona said as if she was talking to herself.
Those words gave me a boost.
Tomorrow, I'll go to Mr. Mud's store again.
I'll go back to Mr. Mud's shop tomorrow and apologize to him again for breaking his watch.
The sound of Siona's voice and the music box strengthened my resolve.
The next day, I went to Mr. Mudd's store alone.
I can't count how many times I thought of turning back on the way.
Every time I thought about it, that smile of Siona's passed me by.
I want to keep seeing that smile.
That's why I want to fix the music box for her.
I thought back to my decision of yesterday over and over again.
What can I do for Siona?
I made up my mind and stepped into Mr. Mud's store.
"What the hell are you doing here?
Immediately after, Mr. Mud's voice came down like distant thunder.
I wanted to run away immediately, but I didn't.
I just wanted to apologize for yesterday.
"You mean the watch?　I already apologized for that.
Since Siona was there at the time, I thought I'd apologize to her ...... on my own.
I don't need that. Get the fuck out of here.
That's not going to happen. I'm really sorry I broke your watch yesterday.
No matter how much you apologize, the watch is still broken. Go home.
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry."
I kept my head down and kept apologizing.
I wondered how much time had passed.
In the end, I heard the soft voice of Mr. Mads.
......, raise your face.
I did as I was told, and there was Mr. Mad's face, somewhat dumbfounded.
I'm not sure what to say. He's so persistent, that's for sure."
"I'm sorry ......."
Don't apologize again or I'll kick your ass.
I'm going to beat the crap out of you!" He said, but there didn't seem to be as much anger in his voice as yesterday.
I thought I heard a small sigh.
You've already done your job, right?　Get the hell out of here.
There's something I need you to do for me at .......
A favor?　You've got a lot of nerve asking me for a favor.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
I'm sure you'll be able to figure out what to do with it.
...... Say that again."
"That ...... watch from yesterday, will you give it to me--"
Don't be silly!
I was shocked as if a thunderbolt had struck me, and I froze upright.
I'm not sure what to do.　Don't get carried away!
I can't do this anymore .......
I can't go any further .......
As I tried to escape, a voice came from behind me.
Wait a minute, Mr. Mads. Ray just wants to fix my brother's music box."
There was Siona, who was supposed to be waiting for him at home.
Siona, undaunted by Mr. Mads, stepped between me and him.
She said, "My brother's music box is broken, and Ray wants to fix it for me. I just need the parts for it. I'm also really sorry that I broke the clock yesterday. So can you please forgive me?"
Siona kept smiling and told Mad-san.
"Nn ...... nn ......."
He was red-faced, but his expression softened little by little.
But you don't have that watch anymore. I've thrown that thing away. Just go to ......."
Mr. Mads turned his back to us, but kept his mouth moving.
I threw it away at an abandoned factory on the outskirts of town. I don't know what happened to it.
After saying that, he sat down, facing the wall.
Thank you, Mr. Mads.
Siona bowed and left the store, smiling all the while.
"Oh, thank you, ......."
I bowed as well and left the store.
The abandoned factory is very close to the place where Rei collapsed.
As soon as I left the store, Siona told me.
She told me as soon as we left the store, "You mean she goes there to dump the garbage?
Yes, that's right. Yes, there's a lot of garbage there from different places.
Do you pick up stuff from there, fix it and sell it here?
Yes, that's right. Mr. Mads goes to that place a lot.
I see, that's why there were so many old things in the store.
That's why there were so many old things in the store. I guess they bring things from there that they can use and reuse them.
Anyway, I decided to head to the abandoned factory.
Siona, I'd like you to show me the way there if you don't mind.
I'm sorry, but the red children are supposed to be at my house today.
"I'm sorry, but the red children are coming to our house today.
I had promised to treat them to soup.
But Ray, you can't go alone, can you? I'm going to turn down your promise to the children.
No, it's okay, Siona. No, it's okay, Siona. You have to keep your promise.
But how are you going to get there?
I'll go to the library. I want to know what's going on around here. I want to see a map.
"The library: ......."
Siona's expression seemed to cloud over a little.
I'm going to go to the library. I'm not sure what to say. ...... Hey Ray. I'm not sure.
I don't know. I don't think he hates me, but why?
No, it's nothing. I'm sure there's a map in the library. Have a good day.
Yeah, I will. I'll see you later.
I turned on my heel and headed for the library.
The smile I saw on Siona's face at that moment seemed to have a hint of sadness in it.
But I don't know why.
"Ray, you're here.
Tippi was in the same place as yesterday, shedding tears in the same way.
Yes, I'm here. Hey, Tippy, can I ask you something?
Do you have a map of the city in this library?
Yes, we do. Yes, they have a lot.
That's good. Can you show me where the maps are?
"Sure, but ...... but ......."
Tippy was somewhat slurred.
No, it's not. ...... No, it's not, but it's ......
"Can you hold me?"
Tippi's face reddened slightly.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but I think it's a good idea.
"...... Carry me?　I'm not sure what to do.
"Yeah. ...... No?"
"No, no, no. Come here.
Yeah, ....... Yeah, ......."
When I extended my hand, Tippy stood up and, somewhat hesitantly, jumped into my chest.
Unlike yesterday, I'll be holding her in my arms.
But my thoughts are the same.
The Tippi in my arms was still small, soft, and fragile.
"Tippi, are you sure about this?"
Yes, it is. Ray ...... is warm.
Tippi rubbed her cheek against my chest.
I'm not sure if that's a good thing or not.
I'm not sure if this is the kind of thing you'd call loving?
I want to protect this girl.
I want to stop her from crying.
I hugged Tippi for a while.
"You know what, just keep walking over there."
Tippi held me in her arms and pointed her fingertips down the aisle.
I held her up and headed in the direction indicated by her fingertip.
Why are you here, Chizu?
There's an abandoned factory near the town. I wanted to go there.
Why an abandoned factory?
I think I might be able to find the parts I'm looking for there.
The one you were looking at yesterday?
Yes, that's right. I really want to fix Siona's brother's music box.
Siona's ....... I hope you find it.
Tippi, still in my arms, led me without hesitation to the bookshelf where the map book was stored.
Do you remember where all the books are?
"Yeah, pretty much."
Wow, ......, did someone teach you?
No, not really. No, I learned it by myself while I was waiting for my father and mother.
When I said the words "father" and "mother," Tippy got a little teary-eyed.
When I said "father and mother," Tippy got a little teary-eyed.
To change the subject, I took out a book of maps.
I sat down and opened the book.
Just like the music box book, the map was also handwritten.
Could it be that all the books in this library are handwritten?
If so, that's a lot of books.
Who on earth could have handwritten such a large amount of books?
The endless hours of work it would take would make me feel faint.
"It's pretty tattered. ...... How old is this book?"
"Well, ...... I don't know. I don't know. It's been around for a long, long time.
It seemed like a map from decades ago.
The buildings themselves look the same as they do today,.......
The pages were badly faded, as if tea had been spilled on them.
Some of the pages were stuck together and looked like they would tear if I rolled them up.
I went through the pages carefully.
"Oh, could this be it?"
In the northern part of the town, I found a map symbol for a factory.
From the direction of Siona's house, there was a high possibility that this was the place.
"Ray, are you going to go to ......?　Don't go ......."
Tippi clung to my neck.
I patted her small back repeatedly with my hand.
Don't worry, I'll be back.
"Are you sure?　Are you sure you'll come back?
"Yes, of course. I promise.
I promise. - You promise?　Definitely, definitely, definitely come back.
Absolutely. Absolutely, absolutely.
Over and over again, I make promises to Tippi.
I don't know why.
But I still felt uncomfortable leaving the place.
A feeling of wanting to stay by Tippi's side for a long time was welling up inside me.
Hiding this feeling, I left the library.
The smell of oxidized oil hit my nose as I entered the abandoned factory that I had arrived at with the help of the map.
I guessed that this factory was originally used to make phylloid arms and legs.
There were parts of phylloid arms and legs lying all around, ready to be made.
All of them had not yet been covered with artificial skin, and their mechanical parts were bare.
If you look closely, you can see that they are the same make as my right hand.
Even though I knew it was a fake, the sight was bizarre.
I used my right hand to move my arm away from where it was lying.
The sad sound of metal colliding with metal echoed through the factory.
If any part of my body breaks, I'll come here.
There are plenty of replacement parts here.
In the back, there were several drums of oxidized oil lying around.
Most of the oil was oxidized, but there was some unopened oil inside.
If we ever ran out of oil, we could do maintenance here without being seen.
The more I walked through the factory, the more my worries were resolved in the corner of my mind.
This abandoned factory is going to be an important place for me.
But I can't find the important thing.
It was, of course, the watch that Mr. Mud had thrown away in this place.
However, there is nothing in this factory that could be considered trash, let alone a clock.
Could it be that the trash is dumped outside, not inside the factory?
I decided to leave the factory and go around the perimeter.
Then I found an area behind the factory where machine parts were piled high.
Of course there were machine parts, but there was also a lot of garbage.
This must be the dumping ground of this town.
In addition to Mr. Mud, there must be other people who are bringing back things from here that they can use.
I thought about this as I looked up at the pile, which was many times my height.
I wonder where it is.
There was a lot of garbage.
It would take a lot of hard work to find it.
But there was no other way.
I decided to start the search from under my feet.
I don't know how long it took me.
I had lost all sense of time.
My hands were covered in mud from moving muddy metal plates and containers covered in waste oil.
My clothes were sticky with oil and before I knew it, I had a lot of stains on them.
I continued to walk across the carpet of garbage, swim in the river of filth, and get hit by the waterfall of scraps.
Finally, I found it.
It was in Mr. Mud's store.
I broke it yesterday.
That watch.
I picked it up and stared at the hands on the face.
Naturally, it wasn't moving.
I put my ear to the body, but it doesn't make any sound.
It was only natural that I had broken it.
I guess this clock will never tick again.
I felt a small pang in the back of my chest from that fact.
Gently, I hugged the watch and decided to head home.
Siona greeted me gently.
I'm back. Here it is.
She smiled softly as I presented her with my oil stained trophies.
Really, thank you. Here, get dressed, get dressed.
She had prepared a towel and a change of clothes.
After wiping off the dirt and getting dressed, I walked into the living room.
She welcomed me again there.
Rei, you must be tired.　Have some food and get some rest.
No, I'm fine. No, I'm fine. I just want to get on with it.
Are you okay?　I'm worried about you, Ray.
I'm fine. Strangely enough, I don't feel tired at the moment.
But you have to eat. ......
Yeah, I know. I'll eat later. You can eat first.
...... Yeah, okay. Good luck."
Siona walks out of the living room.
After watching her go, I started to work.
I opened the book I had borrowed from the library beside me.
This music box has a mechanism where you turn the handle and the gears inside, of various sizes, are intricately intertwined to keep the disc spinning at a certain speed.
Apparently, the faster you turn the wheel, the faster the music plays.
I thought that was very impressive technology.
I disassembled the music box, following the instructions in the book in reverse order.
When I checked the parts in order, I found that the gear in the middle, the part that transmitted the power, was broken.
I wondered if it was possible for something so precise to stop working just because one small part was broken.
I couldn't help but look at my right hand.
For now, I need to find something the same size as this broken gear in the watch.
I continue to disassemble the watch.
I remove the cover and use a screwdriver to unscrew it.
Once the cover was removed, the structure inside was revealed.
There are many gears interlocked together, much more precise than a music box.
One of them, a slightly larger gear, had a broken shaft. This was the reason why the part was not turning.
I guess this is where I broke it yesterday.
If Mr. Mudd threw away this watch, then he didn't have one of the same size as this gear.
Fortunately, the broken gear wasn't the size needed for the music box.
Taking things apart is somewhat uncomfortable.
I'm breaking this clock to fix the music box.
Maybe it's because I know what kind of person I am.
Hesitantly, I disassembled the clock as carefully as I could, as the least I could do for it.
I put the gears of the clock on the table in order from the smallest to the largest, and compared them with those of the music box.
There it was: .......
I was able to find gears that were almost the same size.
Now we just need to follow the book and transplant it into the music box.
I'm sure this will work. ......
The disc should now work without any problems.
I put the lid back on, turned the handle, and felt a response.
But I couldn't turn the handle any further.
I wondered why.
I re-read the book.
The parts and the position for installation were fine.
With a twist of my head, I removed the lid again.
Then I try to turn the handle.
Sure enough, the gears were in perfect alignment.
However, the oil seemed to be completely dried out from lack of use for a while.
That must be the reason why the handle wouldn't turn.
What should I do?
Shall I go to Siona and borrow some oil for cooking?
...... No, that's another problem.
Cooking oil and gear lubricant are two different kinds of oil.
It might work at first, but it might cause a malfunction.
So, what should I do?
Suddenly, I looked at my right hand.
It was covered by a glove, but underneath it were bare mechanical parts.
I wondered if I could use the same oil that I use on my hands.
I took off my gloves and took a closer look at my right hand.
Bare mechanical parts.
Oil is built into it to keep the parts running smoothly.
I inserted a screwdriver into my palm near the base of my thumb.
When I removed the outer shell, I found that it was packed with wires, cylinders, shafts, and other mechanisms to move the hand of the machine.
One of the cylinders was filled with oil.
One of the cylinders contained oil, and it was removable to make it easier to change the old oil.
I removed the cylinder with my left hand and dripped the oil that had filled it onto the gears of the music box.
I spread the oil over the gears with my fingertips, trying to get it to fit in as well as possible.
Would it work?
I put the cylinder back in my right hand and re-strapped the exterior.
Covering the arm of the machine with a glove, I turned the handle gingerly.
It was awkward at first. But as I turned the handle, the gears ran with lubrication.
I guessed that the oil had completely filled the gaps between all the gears, and the handle continued to turn without a hitch.
And then the melody started to play.
"Ray, that song is ......!"
Siona suddenly walked into the room.
Yes. It's fixed, Siona.
Thank you ......, Ray. Thank you ...... very, very much.
Siona gave me a smile I had never seen before.
Just by looking at her smile, I felt a warmth deep in my chest.
And then I realized.
Oh, that's it.
This is what it feels like to be happy.
I'm happy now.
I'm happy to see Siona's smile.
And for the first time, I can feel that I've been useful.
"Thank you, Ray. Thank you."
Siona took my hand and thanked me over and over again.
She took my hand and thanked me again and again. I felt my face heat up as she approached me.
Thanks to your hard work, the music box was fixed. Thanks to Ray's hard work, the music box is fixed and I can listen to that song again, which I had given up on. I can listen to that song again, the one I gave up on, the orange one that my brother made. It's my favorite song. ......"
"Hey Siona, sing to me. Sing it to me. Play it to me, your brother's song.
Yes, ...... of course!
I turn the handle of the music box.
I turned the handle of the music box and Siona folded her hands in front of her chest and began to sing along with the melody.
It was the song she was singing when we met.
The song that Siona's brother had written.
The orange song.
I felt like I could understand the meaning of it now.
The feeling in my heart was joy.
Siona's song.
And Siona sings it happily.
Just looking at her, I was filled with joy.
She sang the song with even more joy than usual.
That day, she sang all the way until she fell asleep.
I listened to her singing voice and the sound of her voice.
Over and over again, she begged me to play the song.
She kept singing until she couldn't move her arms anymore.
The look on her face made me think.
I want to be with her like this forever.
If she wishes it, I can be with her forever.
But in order to do that, my identity must never be revealed.
Never, never, never .......
That day, I made up my mind to stay with Siona forever.
At night, in a darkened room.
In a darkened room at night, on two beds side by side, Siona speaks to me.
"Will you do me a favor?"
"Listen, I want this song to be heard by many people. I want to make people smile. I want to make people happy with this song that you wrote.
I only know the words.
I knew the words, but I didn't know what they meant.
Is it a state?
Or is it a feeling?
I ruminated on the word "happiness" over and over in my head.
"So, I need your help."
"Help you?　What do you want me to do?
Tomorrow, I want you to go with me to the square. I want you to go with me to the square tomorrow and turn the music box.
So Siona will sing?
Yes, yes. And I want as many people as possible to hear it. I want as many people as possible to hear that orange song that you wrote. ......
Yes, I want to do that, too. Of course I'll help you."
I heard the sheets rubbing.
What's wrong, Siona?
"Hey, Ray, ...... can I hold your hand?"
You can't see Siona's face in the dark.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but I think it's a good idea.
I'm not sure.　I'm not sure.
Yes, I want to hold hands with Rei. ...... No. ......?
I search in my knowledge.
I know what holding hands is.
But what does it mean if it's a man or woman of your age?
No, it's fine. ......
If a nymph can ask for ...... siona, I want to respond to it.
Fortunately, she is on the left side of me.
The hand that is covered with artificial skin is not a problem, I think.
I reach my hand out to the bed next to me.
In the cold room, my outstretched hand feels a little chilly.
I search for Siona's hand in the air.
The warmth of her touch.
Siona's hand overlaps mine.
It's warm, Rei.
"Yes, it's ...... warm, Siona."
We held hands.
Our fingers intertwined with each other.
The warmth from our hands was not the only warmth that spread.
I'm not sure if this is the warmth of a human being as opposed to my own fake warmth,.......
Ray ...... more strongly.
"...... this ......?"
Sorry, did that hurt?
No, it's just ...... stronger than I thought it would be.
Are you okay with that?
Yeah. ...... Thanks, Ray.
We held hands all night.
We held hands all night until the morning woke us up.
The next day, the square was filled with sound.
I and Siona began to play a melody.
Siona sang.
I was spinning her brother's music box.
At first, there were no people in the street.
But as if drawn by Siona's voice, the number of people increased.
One or two people stopped, and soon a small circle formed.
The circle quickly grew, and the once deserted square quickly became a bustling place.
Everyone in the place was listening to Siona's voice.
A young couple huddled together and held each other's hands.
The old man closed his eyes with deep emotion.
The young man gazed at the woman some distance away.
Young parents and their children were laughing happily together.
The children were moving their bodies to the song.
Each person was listening to Siona's song with their own thoughts.
But there was one thing in common.
But there was one thing in common: everyone had a smile on their face.
Everyone was smiling as they listened to Siona's song.
I felt a warmth deep in my heart, knowing that I was helping to make the people here smile.
This is what happiness feels like.
This is the feeling I felt yesterday when I saw Siona's smile.
This is what it feels like.
I am happy.
I felt my cheeks rise a little.
I'm sure I'm smiling too.
Maybe it's a little awkward looking.
But that's okay.
If I can get even a little closer to Siona, I'm happy with that.
The music box I had just fixed continued to play its melody without a hitch.
The handle was in good shape.
The sound from the discs reverberated and amplified inside the wooden box, creating a clear tone that went out.
According to Shiona, it was an orange melody.
Siona sings along with the melody.
I wished that this time could go on forever and ever.
This time when I can make people smile.
And I wanted to keep watching her happy face as she sang.
Suddenly, my gaze drifted to the library on the outskirts of town.
I felt the closed curtains sway a little.
For a moment, I also saw a small figure.
I know who it is.
It's that blue girl who's always crying.
It's Tippi.
I'm sure she's still crying.
In that lonely library.
Just thinking about it, I felt a small pain deep in my chest.
It was as if a thorn had pricked me.
I wondered how Tippi was feeling as she gazed at this circle.
The ever-widening circle of smiles.
Everyone in the circle was smiling and sharing the same feeling.
I noticed that there was one person in the circle with a frown on his face.
That person, with his angry shoulders and folded arms, was Mr. Mud.
He looked so out of place that he was the only one with anger on his face.
It was less than a second later that I suddenly found myself eye to eye with Mr. Mudd, who was carrying an emotion that I didn't even know existed yet.
It was less than a second.
He immediately sniffed, turned around, and disappeared into the crowd.
Watching him, I thought.
I want to make everyone smile.
Two people expressing sadness and anger.
I want to make Tippi and Mr. Mud smile.
But what should I do?
I kept thinking about this as I turned the handle of the music box.
After the song was over, I went to Mr. Mud's store alone.
I couldn't help but notice the frown on his face.
I stepped into the store, which was still dimly lit and eerie as ever.
There were no customers.
Mr. Mudd was just sitting on the cashier's chair.
But there was something wrong.
Unlike before, he wasn't slumped in his chair.
He was just staring at a small rectangular chip in his hand.
His expression was as stern as ever, but there was also a hint of sadness in it.
"Um, ......, Mr. Mudd?"
When I spoke to him, Mr. Mads looked flustered and hid the chip in his palm.
Oh, oh, what do you want?　Why did you come in here without permission?
I mean, it's a store, you're free to go in. ......
Don't be silly!　You're an insolent bastard to enter the store without my permission!
You're being very unreasonable.
But you were so focused on that chip that you didn't notice me coming in.
I mean the chip you keep in the palm of your hand.
I'm not hiding a chip!
But I saw it. If you're not hiding it, open your palm and look inside.
Shut the fuck up and get out of here!　And don't you ever come back here again!
As if pushed out by the words, I was kicked out of Mr. Mud's store.
I had come here to make Mr. Mud smile, but I had done the exact opposite.
Siona was waiting for me in front of the store.
The smile on her face made me feel a little warm inside.
"Huh?　Why is Siona here?"
I was wondering where Ray was going, so I followed him.
I came here to try to make you smile, Mad. I came here to try to make Mr. Mud smile, but I made him angry again. ......
I came here to make him smile, but he made me angry again. That's a very difficult thing to do. So don't worry about it. Mr. Mads gets angry all the time.
But today he seemed angrier than usual.
More than usual?　What's wrong?
I don't know, but I asked him about the tip.
"The ...... tip?"
Yeah, it's a square chip that fits in the palm of your hand. Mr. Mads was staring at it. ......
I show him the size of the chip in his hand, shaping it with my finger.
Siona's eyes widened a little, as if she knew what the chip was.
Did you ask her about the chip, by any chance?
'Yes, I did. Then he suddenly got angry and--"
'Yeah, yeah, I see. Well, Ray, that's just the way it is.
"It's inevitable"?　What do you mean?
The chip is Mr. Mudd's treasure.
Mr. Mudd's treasure?　What's in it?
It's got to be one of his son's movies.
Your son's movies?　Mud's son is a filmmaker?
Yes, he is. Yes, he is, although he left town a long time ago and hasn't been back.
Siona said, looking at the store.
It's a strange mixture of two emotions: one is annoyed, but the other is still smiling. ......
But why are you just staring at the chips?　Why don't you just watch the movie?
'I can't do that. We don't have the equipment in this town to play the chip.
So Mr. Mads is staring at the chip because he can't see it even if he wanted to?
I think so. I'm sure he does, though he's too shy to say so.
At that moment, I had an idea.
Then I thought of a way to make him smile, even though he was always frowning and angry.
"No, it's nothing. No, it's nothing. Siona, I want to stop by somewhere, so please go back first.
You want to go to ......?
Yeah, I need to do some research.
"The ...... library?"
I thought Shiona looked somewhat surprised.
I'm not sure if she's worried about me not being used to the town yet.
I'll make sure I'm not late.
In an attempt to ease the burden on her mind, I spoke out clearly.
She opens her mouth as if to say something, but then quickly closes it.
Then once. She bites her lip lightly for a moment, and then smiles.
"...... Okay. Be careful, Ray.
I parted ways with Siona in front of Mad's store, and walked out of town alone.
The inside of the library was as dim and stagnant as ever.
I made my way through the maze of the library in a straight line without getting lost.
I walked in a straight line through the maze of the building, heading straight for the blue girl who was always shedding tears.
"Ray, you're here.
When Tippi saw me, she stood up and ran to me.
I gently embrace her small body.
"Yes, I promised," she said.
Thank you, Ray. Thank you, Ray. I'm so happy.
Tippi buries her face in my stomach.
Tippi buried her face in my stomach and I could see her tears flowing through her clothes.
"Tippy, what were you doing?"
"Drawing. Come here, Ray."
Tippi took my hand and led me to where she was sitting.
In the place where Tippi was sitting, there was a piece of drawing paper and a crayon lying around.
Inside the paper, there was a drawing in progress.
Did Tippy draw this?
"Yes. Yes, I'm working on it every day, one by one.
Tippy said, and resumed her work.
I looked into the painting.
There was a picture of a girl singing and a boy spinning a music box.
"Tippy, could this be ......?"
"It's Ray and Siona. They're singing in the square.
I knew Tippi was watching us through the curtain.
I'm not sure why my heart ached when I thought of Tippi staring at us alone.
"Ray, what's wrong?　What's wrong?"
The girl looked up at me, her eyes tinged with melancholy.
I put my hand on Tippi's head as if to comfort her feelings.
It's okay, it's nothing. That's a very nice drawing.
"Yeah, ......, thanks, I'm glad."
When I patted his head, Tippi rubbed against me in a friendly manner.
But his face is fragile and sad.
I really wanted to see her smile.
I know you said you draw one every day, but do you have any other pictures?
Yes, I do. Ray, come here.
Tippi stood up, took my hand in hers and led me to the back of the library.
There, I found the picture.
There, on a low wall, were a number of pictures that Tippi had probably put up herself.
This is the picture I painted yesterday, this is the day before that, and this is the day before that. ......
Tippi explains them one by one.
A picture of a girl holding hands with a young man.
A young man and another girl visiting a girl.
And a picture of a girl crying by herself.
Oh, I see.
This is Tippi's picture diary.
After that, there was a row of pictures of a girl crying by herself.
Since I've been here, Tippi is no longer alone.
The expression on the girl's face in the painting seemed to soften a little.
I'm sure it's the very emotion of Tippi.
But it's only a sadness that's still there.
I wanted to make this girl smile, too.
I wondered what I could do to make her smile.
I can't think of an answer to that question.
The only thing I can say is that I'm going to be there for Tippi.
"Hey, Ray, what kind of book did you come looking for today?
Tippi looked up at me with a sad expression on her face, pulling on her sleeve.
I'm looking for a device that can project images. ...... Do you have a book that shows that?
"Yes, I do. Yes, there is. It's just a few blocks from here.
Can you show me the way?
"Yeah, okay. Yes."
Then Tippy opened her arms.
The stuffed bear in his right hand hangs in the air.
"Hold me."
I took Tippy in my arms.
She rubs her cheek against my chest, just like before.
"Over there, Ray.
I started to lead her to the book I wanted.
The book was on the second floor of the library.
The book is on the second floor of the library, on one of the shelves where there is a collection of projectors, projections, and other visual materials from the past and present.
The book I want to read must be here.
The books on the shelves were all handwritten, just like the music box books and maps.
The books on the shelves were all handwritten, as were the music box books and the maps, but there seemed to be many different types of projectors, some using film, some using discs.
What kind are you looking for?
What kind of projector are you looking for?" "One that can project a chip about this size, if you know what I mean.
I used my finger to make a chip the size of the one Mads was holding.
The size of the chip that Mads was holding.　The corners are  diagonal.
The corners looked like they were ...... chipped on the diagonal, I think.
I'm not sure I can say that with any confidence because I didn't look at it very closely.
I'm not sure if I can say that with any confidence.
I'm not sure if I can say that with any confidence.
"Yes, it's the chip that Mr. Mud used to have.
I was surprised to find out that Tippy knew Mr. Mudd as well, but he was the owner of the general store in this town, so there was nothing strange about it.
Even Siona knew about Mr. Mud's tip, and maybe everyone in town knew about it.
And it was probably a known fact that Mr. Mudd was stubborn and wouldn't look at the contents.
Um, you know, ...... then ...... this."
Standing on her tiptoes, Tippy pointed to a book on the shelf just out of reach.
"That's great, Tippy.　I knew you could remember where all the books were.
Hehehe. That's a compliment.
Tippi presses her face against my stomach.
While patting her head, I picked up the book and checked its contents.
It was more like an instruction manual than a ...... book.
The book was more like a user's manual than a book . "Mumm's Projector" - it had a detailed description of the types of media and chips that could be played.
The internal structure and wiring were also carefully documented.
It seems to be a projection-type playback device that can project the contents recorded on a portable chip onto a screen or white wall.
If we can find this device, we can show Mr. Mads the movie on the chip.
Thank you Tippy, I found the information I wanted.
"Is ...... going away?"
Tippy looked up at me with a sad expression.
"...... Yeah, sorry.
"No, don't go. No, don't go.
I'm not sure if she's trying to stop me from leaving.
Tippi hugged me.
The warmth of her innocence shook my resolve.
But I have to go.
For now, I want to make Mr. Mud happy.
I want to see Mr. Mud's smile.
"Tippy, I promise. I promise I'll come back tomorrow."
"Tomorrow at ......?　Are you sure it's ......?
Yeah, I'm sure. I promise.
You're not going to lose ......?
No, I'm not going away. I'll come see you every day.
...... Okay. I'll be waiting.
With my hair pulled back, I left the library, leaving the blue girl, Tippy, behind.
You've come again!　What the hell are you doing here?
As soon as I visited the store, I was greeted by Mad's angry shouts.
I wanted to run away.
I wanted to cover my ears.
But I didn't do that.
I wanted to make Mr. Mud's wish come true.
"Mr. Mads, do me a favor. I need to borrow your son's chip.
"The chip with his movies on it."
Why should I lend it to you, you son of a bitch?
Please, ......, please.
Don't you dare meddle in my business!　You're annoying me!
I'm ...... here to help you, Mr. Mudd!
"Help you?"
I'm not going to be able to do anything about it.
I also lose strength in the moving parts of my knees and feel flustered.
I want to run away right now ......, but I can't hold back here.
I've heard from Siona about that chip. She said her son left town to become a film director. He sent you the film, didn't he?　But you couldn't watch it for a long time because you didn't have the equipment to play it, right?"
I spoke quickly, trying to suppress my fear.
I'm not sure if it was the momentum that pushed me over the edge, but Mr. Mad looked at me with a slightly surprised look.
I went to the library a while ago. I went to the library a while ago to see what kind of equipment they had that could play it.
"You went to the ...... library...?"
Mr. Mads looked even more surprised at the word "library.
Yes ...... I will find a device that can play that chip. If the player is broken, I'll fix it. If I can't find one, I'll try to make one by piecing together different parts.
"Why are you doing this? It's none of your business.
"It may be irrelevant. But that's what I want to do.
I want to help Mr. Mads. ...... That's all I want. So, please."
The silence continued.
Is this an affirmative silence, or --?
He was the worst son of a bitch I ever met.
Mr. Mads sat back in his chair and looked up at the ceiling.
He sat down and looked up at the ceiling, and with a sad expression on his face, he began to talk to me.
He and I fought all the time.
Whenever we saw each other, all we did was fight.
That's why he started to avoid me.
Or maybe I was the one who was avoiding him.
Anyway, we didn't see each other much anymore.
So I was surprised when he said he wanted to talk to me.
"I'm leaving town."
Out of town?　What the fuck are you talking about?
I'm going to leave this town and become a film director. I really like movies.
Stop talking about your dreams and get real. You can't be a director. You can't do it.
Don't assume that it's impossible!　You don't know until you try!
I know, I'm your father. I'm your father. No one wants to see a film made by a director with no talent.
I'm your father.　I've had results!　You just don't approve!
You can't even dream in a town like this!
This town?　Say that again.
I'll say it all you want. I'll tell you what I can't stand. I can't spend the rest of my life in this town, in this store.
You're a ......, for fuck's sake. ......
I'll say it all you want!　You're afraid you'll change!
You've been doing the same thing every day since your mother died.
I couldn't help but punch him.
I couldn't help but hit him. "...... You're always violent like that. I'm a mess."
"...... Okay, get out."
"Yeah, I'll do that. Yeah, I'll do that. You can stay here forever and keep doing the same thing.
My son left the house.
Ever since then, he hasn't sent me a single message.
The only thing he sent me was the movie on this chip.
How am I supposed to watch something I don't have the equipment to play?
I can't forgive him for being so selfish.
I don't want to watch this movie.
I don't even want to see his face.
I was surprised at how talkative Mr. Mads was.
The more I listened to his thoughts, the more excited I became.
If Mr. Mads really hated his son, there was no need for him to keep holding on to a chip that could not be replayed.
If he really disliked Mr. Mads, he wouldn't have sent him the film he shot.
I'm sure he wants you to see this film.
I think he sent that chip to Mr. Mads with some kind of intention in mind.
That's why I want to show him this movie.
I bowed my head again.
Please!　Please lend me the chip!"
Mr. Mads comes to me in silence.
I was ready to be yelled at, but I was no longer afraid.
I was ready to be yelled at, but I wasn't afraid anymore, because I wanted to do something useful for him.
But Mr. Mud handed me the chip he was holding in his hand.
"Suit yourself."
I looked at the chip again.
It was a metal core covered with organic glass, with a rainbow of sparkling electronic circuits running through it.
I knew it was there in my knowledge. A general-purpose chip used to back up the memories of phylloids.
It had become a global standard, and most manufacturers had adopted this format.
This might be able to be played even if the projector was not made by Mumm.
I tightened my grip on the chip and bowed my head in the direction of Mr. Mudd.
An abandoned factory on the outskirts of town.
I stepped into the pile of garbage behind it.
I knew that if there was a device that could regenerate Mr. Mudd's chip, there was no other place but this abandoned factory.
If it was in the town, it would have been reclaimed by now.
There was also a lot of some kind of equipment mixed in with the garbage.
Some of the wires were broken, some were rusted out.
As far as I could see, they were all useless.
It's unlikely that there is a projector of any kind in this place. But I'm sure we can find some parts, like the base.
That's exactly what I told Mr. Mudd, I'll try to reassemble it so that I can replay the chip even if I have to connect the parts together.
This is the only place we can rely on.
If I don't do something here, Mr. Mads will always have that expression on his face.
I can't let that happen.
I don't want him to do that.
With that one thought in mind, I started to cut down the pile of scrap.
But no matter how much I searched, I couldn't find the device I was looking for.
I'm sure Mr. Mudd has looked for it before.
No, ......, maybe Mr. Mads is still searching.
That's what Siona said. Siona told me that Mr. Mads fixes things he finds in this dump and sells them in his general store.
I wonder if his real purpose was to find a projector to play his son's chip.
If that's the case, I wonder how Mr. Mads feels about not being able to find one until now. ......
I wonder what he must have been thinking when he picked up the projector and repaired it. ......
I broke Mad's watch like that.
Oh, ......, well, ......, that's why Mr. Mud was so angry.
I'm sure you'll be able to find something that will help you out.
This is speculation. But I hope that's the case.
If that's the case, I won't be able to easily find what Mr. Mud has been looking for.
Still, I won't give up.
Finding the projector would be my greatest atonement to Mr. Mads for breaking his watch. ......
It was when I was dragging a piece of equipment that was bigger than my body.
I had an uncomfortable feeling in my right hand.
It was a very small discomfort ...... and I felt an awkwardness in the operation of the joints of my fingers.
I wondered if I had run out of oil, or if something had broken down.
If I keep working like this, it might not be a good idea.
I couldn't stop moving my hands.
I'm sure that Mud will be looking for me as far as he can see.
I look up at the pile of scrap metal, which is far taller than I am.
I'm lighter than Mr. Mud, so I might be able to climb it.
At the same time, I start to climb the unorganized and awkward stairs.
I could feel the water hitting my back.
I looked up at the sky and saw that it was raining heavily.
'Ray, let's not do this again.
A voice came from lower than my feet.
I turned around to see Siona there.
She was looking up at me, drenched in the rain.
It's raining. It's raining. You'll catch a cold.
I'm fine, I'll look around some more, thanks.
Even if you don't find it, I'm sure Mr. Mads will be happy that you tried so hard.
Don't worry, Siona. Just a little more."
I continued my work.
I continued to work. Behind me, Siona spoke to me in a one-sided voice.
But I'm soaking wet. Let's stop. You're tired, aren't you?　No one will blame you if you give up.
Soothingly.
"I'm worried about your health, okay?　I'll be sad if you get hurt, Ray. ...... It's important to give up.
There may be another way, so let's go home for the day. I've got orange pawpaw soup ready.
Let's go home. ...... Ray, let's go home... Hey, Ray ......, I'm worried about you, Ray ......."
But I kept going.
I was not discouraged by the pouring rain and kept searching.
I pulled out the rotten steel plate.
As soon as I did, an avalanche of small scraps broke out.
I backpedaled and avoided the scraps as they roared and stabbed at my feet.
"Watch out, Rei!"
I turn around at the sound of Siona's voice and see a pile of scrap pouring down from behind me.
The pile behind me had also been hit by the same avalanche.
Almost being swallowed up, I somehow managed to run up on the crumbling scrap.
After a while, the avalanche subsided and the only sound was the rain again.
"Are you okay, Ray?　Are you hurt?"
Yeah, I managed ...... to get away.
It's true. ...... I'm glad you're okay. I'm glad you're okay. ......
Siona let out a sigh of relief.
As if to prove that I was safe, I stood up.
"Oh, ...... Ray, that."
I'm not sure what to make of it.
I'm not sure what to make of it. There was a piece of equipment in there that looked familiar.
It was the same device that was in the book that Tippi had shown me.
When I dug it out and looked at the surface of the device, I saw the word "Mumm" written on it in faint letters.
There it is: ...... Siona, here it is!　There it is!"
He lifted it up and held it high so that Siona could see it.
The water in it flowed out with a tilt.
I did it, I did it, Siona!　I finally found it!　Now I can get Mr. Mads to watch my movie!
"Yeah, but I think ...... that machine is broken. ......?"
What?"
When Siona said this, I brought my hand that was holding the device up in front of me.
In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
The lens, which is necessary for projection, was missing.
There was also a large crack at the top, and when we looked inside, we found that the base inside was covered with rust.
This made it impossible to project a movie.
"Sorry to hear that ...... Ray, can we go home now?"
Siona's hand was held out to me.
I put my own hand over hers.
The warmth of her hand warmed my hand, which was chilled by the rain.
By the time I returned to town, the rain had stopped.
Still, my heart was not clear.
I wondered if I could really fix the projector that I was holding in my hands.
My mind was set on fixing it, but now that I saw the state of disrepair, my resolve wavered.
"What's the matter, you're soaking wet?
On my way back to the church, I was stopped unexpectedly.
I turned around to see the director of the photo shop that had taken my picture before standing there.
I was just looking for something.
"Looking for something at ......?　I see. So, did you find what you were looking for?
Yes. ......, .......
What's wrong with it?
Well, I found it, but it's broken, so I can't use it.
Siona answered for me in a depressed tone.
Oh, that's too bad. That's too bad. By the way, what were you thinking of using it for?
Actually, I wanted to use it to regenerate the chip that ...... Mr. Mads has.
"Mr. Mudd's?　The chip you say was sent to you by your son.
...... Yes. I wanted to make him happy, because he's always so angry. ......
Is that what you really want to do?
"Is that what you really want to do?" the director asked gently, yet testingly.
Yes, of course.
I answered without hesitation.
You always look angry and you seem to be in a lot of pain. I'm sure that if there was an opportunity, he would laugh. I believe that if people can laugh, they can be happy. I believe that if people can laugh, they can be happy, and other people who see them can be happy, too.
Having said that, I look at Siona.
I'm ......, and that's what Siona taught me.
She looked surprised at my words, but immediately smiled.
Yeah, that's the look. When someone smiles, it makes the people around them feel happy.
I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I'm not the only one.
"I see. ...... Can I see that?
The director pointed to the projector I was holding. I silently held out the broken device.
The director, a photographer, looked over the equipment carefully.
I see, this is outrageous. There are too many things missing to fix.
When the director, who usually takes care of the camera, says that, I feel like I'm going to lose my mind.
The director, who usually takes care of the camera, must have noticed my depression, because he smiled and handed me back the projector.
Ray, why don't you go home?　You'll catch a cold.
You're right. It's not good for your health if you're still wet from the rain. We'd better go home and change first.
The director of the museum would be annoyed if I went any further.
Even if I was fine, Shona would catch a cold.
Hugging the projector, I bowed to the director and we headed for the church.
When we got back to the church, Siona wiped my head with a fluffy towel.
She wiped my head with a soft, fluffy towel, gently, softly, and carefully, without rubbing.
"Sorry about the projector."
It's a shame about the projector. ...... Yeah, but it used to be a garbage dump, so it's no wonder it's broken.
It should have been obvious with a little thought. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
If I wanted it, it would happen. I thought that if I worked hard, the results would surely follow.
The reality is not that sweet, I was reminded.
It can't be helped. No one is going to complain about Ray's hard work.
But ......, I wanted to show Mr. Mads the movie.
Yeah, ...... Ray, you're sweet.
I'm not trying to be nice or anything. I just think that's what I'm supposed to do.
But I'm sure Mr. Mads will be happy to hear that. That's good enough for me.
I hope so. ......
Let's get you warmed up.　I'll get you a drink to warm you up.
As I folded the towel that had wiped my head, Siona smiled and headed towards the kitchen.
I sat down on a chair and let out a sigh.
I'm not sure what to make of it.
...... No, there's no point in being depressed.
I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
If we can fix this projector little by little, it should be able to play chips someday.
In the book I borrowed from Tippi, there were instructions on how to take it apart for maintenance.
If I unraveled it in order, I should be able to fix it.
If there were any missing parts, I could just go to the factory and find them one by one.
I want to make Mr. Mads smile. I want him to smile, and I want him to look as happy as Siona did when the music box was fixed.
I reaffirmed my resolve to fix the projector.
Just then, I noticed that the main hall of the church was becoming more crowded.
"Excuse me."
I opened the door and peeked out to see the director of the photo shop there.
The director of the photo shop was there, and at his back were more people from the town.
"What's going on?"
I asked curiously, and they smiled and held out something to me.
This is a part of our broken clock. You can use it if you like.
I was wondering if this might work for your wiring.
You can use my light.
No, no, no. Use my light.
I've got plenty of tools at home. You can use as many as you like.
Various electrical components, wiring devices, electronic circuits, gears and screws were placed one after another on the table.
When I was stunned and could not understand the scene, the director smiled at me.
The director smiled at me. "......, what's this?
You're going to fix that projector, aren't you?　I told everyone about it, and they brought me things they thought I might need. Some of it may not be necessary, but there's nothing better than having materials, right?
Why are you doing this ......?
These are people who were moved by your music and your songs. They really want to thank you. I'm one of them. ......
The director took out a lens and handed it to me.
This is ....... It's a camera lens, does it fit?
I felt something warm in my chest.
I felt a warmth in my chest, and it gradually built up and up.
Eventually, the warmth reached the back of my eyes and grew hotter and hotter.
I couldn't get the words together in my head. I wanted to say something, but only my lips were trembling.
Siona, who was holding a steamy cup, looked at me gently.
I felt a warmth deep in my chest. I don't know why.
"Ray, it's a feeling called 'pleasure'.
She approached me and handed me a cup filled with a scented drink that made my heart smile.
Everyone is responding to Ray's desire to make Mad-san smile. Everyone wants to make Mr. Mads happy, especially Ray.
Isn't it annoying, ......, that I started all this on my own?
If I thought it was a nuisance, I wouldn't have such a warm smile on my face.
I looked at each of the townspeople who had brought in their parts.
I look at the townspeople who have brought their parts to me, each holding one in his or her hand, holding it up for me to see, and smiling at me.
He holds up each part in his hand for me to see and smiles. "Thank you, ......, everyone.
Using the parts and tools he gave me, I started to fix the problem right there.
Using the parts and tools I had been given, I began to repair it, asking for help from various people in areas I couldn't figure out on my own.
I removed the water, carefully filed away the rusty parts, and repaired the broken electronic circuits with copper foil.
The solder that was about to come off was corrected with the tip of a screwdriver heated until it turned red.
No, no, no, that's not it.
No, no, no, it's like this.
No, no, no, no.　Absolutely not!
No, no, no!
Noisy but lively, the repair was done by all.
And finally...
The repair work was completed in an awkward, glued-together state.
Thank you, everyone.
That's all right. In return, I want to hear that song again.
The kids love it. You should do it again.
It puts me in a good mood when I listen to it with him.
When I listen to that song, ...... it brings me back to the old days. ......
I love that song, it's so fun!
A clunky device that we all made together.
It looked far from what we had seen in the book.
But it was the only projector in the world that we had made together.
I couldn't have been happier.
Everyone in the room was so happy to see it completed.
All we have to do now is to test-start it.
I looked around the room as they said "test activation.
I hadn't seen any electricity in this town.
The photo shop was also using an analog camera.
I looked around the room and saw a man in the room asking, "......, is it possible that this town doesn't have electricity?
At my question, the people in the room all looked at each other in surprise.
It was as if I had touched something I shouldn't have.
Even the director, who had proposed the test activation, held his tongue.
"The library, you know."
It was Siona who spoke up to break the awkward atmosphere.
There is no electricity in this town, but there is a power storage facility.
Is that what the library is?
Yes, it is.
It was as if a ray of hope had shone through.
I felt my cheeks soften.
I felt my cheeks soften, but then I saw the sad look in Siona's eyes, even though she was smiling.
The next day, I was at the library with Siona.
The next day, I was at the library with Siona, carrying the handmade projector that we had made with the townspeople yesterday.
I didn't know there was such a device here.
At the counter of the library was a device that could store electricity generated by sunlight in a portable battery.
It seemed to be the only device left in this town.
However, due to the aging of the solar panels, it is not possible to generate a large amount of electricity.
For this town, electricity is a precious resource.
Despite my selfishness, the people of the town allowed me to use such a valuable resource.
They always said that they would be happy to play music for me again.
However, there was something that bothered me.
I had a feeling that the library had a special meaning to the people of the town.
Everyone's reaction yesterday. If I recall correctly, Mad also had a different expression on his face when he saw me at the library.
...... No, let's not make any weird assumptions now.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
I'll have to ask her to sing for me again.
Yes, I'll sing it to say thank you to everyone.
She gave me her usual smile.
Tippi was next to her.
She was looking at Siona with a slightly confused expression.
This is the first time I've seen the two of them side by side.
"Tippy, how long do you think it will take to charge?"
"Well, ......, probably about three more hours."
Yeah, that's pretty fast.
I can only stay with Rei for a few more minutes. ......?
Tippy bypassed Siona and hugged my legs.
I'm not sure what to do.
I'm not sure what to make of it.
I stroke Tippi's head with the palm of my hand.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
...... Yes, you two. That's it."
I'm not sure what to say, but I'm going to say it.
"Oh ...... Ray, Ray ......."
I'm not sure if you've seen this before.
But the hand never reaches me.
"Ray, hey ......."
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
--I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
Rei, Tippy is a girl now. Do you know what this means?"
I do. I know. It's cute how she's grown on you.
That's not what I meant. ...... I don't think it's good to touch her too casually or be too close to her.
Why?　As long as Tippy is happy, I think it's good.
No, I don't think it's a good idea to touch ...... a girl of her age too casually.
Tippy is still a child, you know.
Girls grow faster on the inside than they do on the outside. She's already got a pink heart.
Pink. ......?　What does that mean?
Pink is pink. That's why I don't think it's good.
Siona seemed to be more disturbed than ever.
She was smiling at me, but her cheeks were a little puffy.
I'm not sure if you've heard of it, but I'm sure you've heard of it.
It seems that Siona doesn't think very well of me getting along with Tippi.
Even now, it seems as if she's competing with Tippi.
...... Hey Siona. I'm not sure if that's what you're referring to.
I'm not sure what to make of that.
I'm not sure what to make of it.
It was the first time she had ever shown me this expression, even though she always had a smile on her face.
I reach out my hand to her head.
What?　Ray ......?"
And then I gently stroked her hair like I do with Tippi.
And then I gently stroked her hair like I do with Tippi. "Wow ......, Ray, what's up?　What's wrong?"
Unlike Tippi's hair, Siona's hair was silky and pleasant. Every time I stroked it, it smelled good.
It's the kind of hair that makes you want to touch it forever.
"Le, Leigh?　I'm kind of embarrassed, you know?　You know?"
"Oh, I'm sorry. But I thought it would be better if I did.
I don't know what it is, but seeing Shiona now makes me feel warm in my chest.
I'm not sure what it is, but seeing Shiona now makes me feel warm in my chest, almost like the joy I knew before.
I'm sure you'll be able to understand what I mean.　Okay?　Promise me?"
Yes, I will, if you say so.
So I had no choice but to say so.
We went back to Tippi's place.
Tippi was looking up at us anxiously.
What's wrong?　Tippy, are you bad?　Is that why you're both upset?"
Tippi raised her eyebrows sadly.
It's okay. It's nothing.
Are you sure?　Are you sure you're not upset?　I mean, Siona's face is ...... big.
No, this is different.　I'm not warm and prickly.
"Um, ......, okay."
Tippi wept with relief.
I really want to wipe those tears away with my fingertips, but I'm sure Siona won't like that.
So I decided to stifle the urge.
I finished charging the battery and turned on the projector.
A low motor sounded and the heat exhaust fan started to turn.
The light at the top was blinking, indicating that it was being prepared for activation.
It was a light I hadn't seen in a long time. I, Siona, and Tippy all looked at the flickering light with an unusual look in their eyes.
And the place to put the ...... chip is ......."
The control panel on the side of the projector had a broken lid and was exposed.
In the center of the panel, there is a place to insert the chip.
I slowly inserted the chip that Mad-san had given me.
The projector was trying to check the data inside, and the read light was blinking red.
We watched with bated breath.
After about ten seconds, the lights shortened to a green light.
"This means that ...... is okay, right?"
My voice was a mixture of anxiety and excitement.
Yes, the projector has been fixed and the data inside is safe.
Siona's words lifted my heart. I could feel the corners of my mouth rising naturally.
The satisfaction of having accomplished something new gave me a sense of "joy".
After charging the projector and checking its operation, we were on our way to Mr. Mud's store.
Tippy stayed behind in the library, saying she was getting sleepy.
I wanted to go with him, but Siona told me not to push him too hard.
I hope you'll be pleased, Mr. Mads.
Yeah, yeah, ...... I'm sure he'll be happy.
I hope so. I hope so, because it was made by the whole town. I hope so, because it was made by everyone in the town, and even more so because it contains everyone's feelings.
Yeah, yeah. ...... Yeah.
What's wrong, Siona?　What's wrong with you?
What's wrong, Siona? What's wrong?
No, nothing. Nothing.
I don't know. ...... I feel something different. ......
Rei, it's cloudier than usual today and it's making me feel gray inside.
I'm not sure if this is a good idea or not.
I looked up at the sky as well, but I couldn't tell any difference from usual.
I can't tell the difference between the sky and the normal sky, but I can tell that after the rain, the dust in the air has been removed and I can breathe a little easier.
It's also gloomy, which makes me feel bumpy. So, Ray. Why don't you stay home and relax today?　Let's have some orange soup and powa-powa.
Is this air uncomfortable for Siona? ......?
No, I think her words are hiding what she really wants to say.
But I didn't know what she meant by that.
I don't think she was trying to be mean.
But we made it together. I can't wait for Mad to see your son's movie.
"Yeah, ...... I guess so."
Siona was silent for a moment.
It's not that I'm angry.
I'm not mad at her, but she's following along beside me, matching my stride.
I could see a hint of sadness in her expression.
We arrived at Mad's store and stepped into the dimly lit interior.
"Hey ......, what are you doing coming in here without permission?
Mr. Mud's voice sounded like an earth tremor from the back of the store.
He was slumped in his chair, looking straight at us.
Hello, Mr. Mads. This is ......."
I pulled out a glued-together projector.
I pull out a glued-together projector, and Mr. Mads stares at it as if he's trying to price it.
What's that? We don't buy garbage.
That's not true. This may not look like much, but it's a projector that plays your son's movies.
My son's movies?　I don't remember asking you to make anything like that.
You're right, I didn't ask you to do that. I did it on my own. But a lot of people in the town helped me to make it. I want you to see the movie, Mr. Mads.
I didn't ask you to do that.
I know you didn't. I did it on my own. So what I'm going to do is also my own doing. If you want to stop me, please don't."
I was about to step out.
I was about to step out, but Siona pulled the sleeve of my dress behind me and blocked me.
I'm not sure what to do. Let's try another day.
I've come this far, Siona. I'm sure Mr. Mads would like to see his son's movie, despite what he says. If you don't see it here, you'll never see it.
And if I really didn't like it, I'd be thrown out.
It was just a guess based on Madge's past behavior, but I was sure she was right.
"Don't worry, Siona. Don't look so worried. I'll be fine."
I nodded strongly, trying to take away Siona's anxiety.
"...... Okay, Rei. If you want to do it, do it the way you want to do it.
She took her hand away from my sleeve.
I walked out again.
I placed the device on the checkout counter and closed the store door.
Then I closed all the curtains on the windows.
The store was dark, but now it was even darker.
It was just the right amount of darkness to play a movie.
When I turned on the newly charged projector, the fan whirred to life, and after a moment, the lights came on.
A square of light floated on the wall of the store.
I adjusted the lens that the director of the photo shop had given me and brought it into focus.
Mr. Mads just stared at the action.
Mr. Mads, I'm going to play the movie now, okay? Is that okay?"
'......, you're on your own.'
Mr. Mads did not deny it.
I was sure that was the answer he wanted.
I put my finger on the button on the control panel and clicked .......
Play.
Mr. Mads was staring at the square light with a stern expression.
In the light, a story begins.
It is the story of a boy.
It was set in a time when the sky was still blue and nature still existed.
He was born in a small house in a small town and never knew his mother.
His father, who lived with him, took care of him only minimally. ...... It was not a relationship that could be called a family at all.
As the boy grew older, the gap between them grew deeper.
They fought whenever they saw each other.
Each short conversation was a denial of the other.
At some point, they stopped looking at each other.
The boy returned home less and less, and soon he was on the path to evil.
His father beat him silently.
The wrinkles between his eyebrows were more deeply etched than usual. ......
As it is, the boy runs away from home and leaves the town.
But it was the beginning of a harsh life.
He was used and betrayed by the people he thought were his friends, and his body and mind were torn apart.
The one person who supported him was a woman.
His encounter with her was the one that led him to the right path.
The boy decides to move to a new town and start his life over.
He started a family.
He had a son, and he believed that he and his beloved wife would live happily ever after.
But then the ...... woman got sick and passed away.
There was no time to despair.
He worked hard to raise the child he had left.
However, he was so desperate to work that he didn't notice the growing rift in his relationship with his child.
We fought all the time when we opened our mouths.
Our days were full of differences.
And then the child, now grown up, stepped into the path of evil, as if it was a punishment for me. ......
I thought it was a punishment.
I wondered if this was exactly what I had done to my father.
Now, he cursed himself for being so immature.
He looked at his hands, trying to think of a way to stop his son.
If he opened his hand, he might be able to admonish his son with the tenderness of a pat on the head and a hug.
If he clenched his hands, they could become fists, and he could discipline his son with harshness.
As a father, which should he choose?
He clenched his fist.
The fist that hit his son was hot, and his chest was tight and painful. ...... His brow wrinkled deeply.
However, the son shed tears while holding his red swollen cheeks.
He told her that she had scolded him properly and that he was loved .......
Hearing those words, he shed tears too.
He wondered why he hadn't realized what his son had realized at the time.
The look on his father's face after hitting him was not anger, but sadness.
He took his son and returned to the town where he was born for the first time in twenty years.
The town hadn't changed much since he left.
And the small house of his birth is still the same.
However, his father, who lived alone in the house, looked smaller than he had in his memory, perhaps because of his old age.
In front of his father, he bit his lip and let out a tear.
His father silently tapped him lightly on the shoulder and muttered a few words.
Mr. Mud's son's movie was a very old-fashioned human drama.
I don't know if I find it funny.
If my emotional functions had been normal, I might have been able to judge.
But Mr. Mads was staring at the screen.
He was watching the movie in silence the whole time.
The staff roll ended and the screen went black.
It seemed to be over.
Siona looked at me once, then extended her finger to the stop button on the projector.
Just as my slender fingertip was about to touch the button, I grabbed her hand.
"......?　Ray?"
Siona looked at me curiously. But I was staring at the screen.
The screen was completely black. The screen had been completely black, but slowly letters began to appear in the center of it.
The letters were probably handwritten, and they were filled with a clear "emotion.
This film is dedicated to my father.
The words slowly dissolved into the darkening screen and disappeared.
This time, the movie comes to a quiet end.
Silence fell over the area.
I turn off the power, but Mr. Mad is still staring at the place where the screen used to be.
"Mr. Mudd, ......, the movie's over, okay?"
My words were met with a sigh.
It's ...... a boring movie.
It's a boring movie," he muttered in a quiet voice, which was unthinkable for Mr. Mads in the past.
"It's so boring, I'm tired of holding in my sighs.
He wiped away the tears that had accumulated due to the sneezing he had been enduring, and stood up from his chair, taking the chip from the projector.
He gripped it tightly in the palm of his hand and sat back in his chair.
He sat back in his chair. "......, get the hell out of here.
He said in a low-pitched voice and closed his eyes as if he was thinking about something.
Could it be that the movie did not convey his son's feelings?
I wondered if it was an unimportant movie for Mr. Mad. .......
Then what I did was...
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm not sure what to do.
I'm not sure what to say, but I'm sure you'll understand.
It's okay, Ray."
She smiled, lowering her eyebrows.
'Mad, you're just not being honest with me. Let's just leave him alone for now. See?"
You can't be honest with me. ......?
Does that mean that everything you just said is the opposite of what you meant?
"Mr. Mads, you're so smooth right now. It's filled with a beautiful light blue color. Thanks to Ray."
I don't know if that's true ...... if it was."
I feel a warmth in my chest.
I know this feeling.
I know this feeling. It's called joy.
I'm happy to have made you happy, Mad.
I'm so happy that I was able to help him.
We left the store quietly, so as not to disturb Mr. Mud.
We left the projector where it was, so that we could watch the movie again whenever we wanted.
As I walked out of the store, I saw a faint orange glow across the sky.
It was a color that seemed to capture my feelings.
I'm really glad you're happy, Mad.
"Yes, I am."
But there was something sad about his smile.
"What?　What?"
You look kind of sad.
Do I?　No, you don't. I'm happy for you, Mr. Mud. You have a big heart.
Is that so?　I hope so.
Hey, Ray. We're having a feast today.
A feast?　Why?
Because it's the anniversary of the day Ray made Mr. Mudd happy.
Anniversary ....... Yeah, it's an anniversary.
Let's make some orange soup and have some pawpaw today.
Yeah, sure. I'll help you cook.
Thank you. I'm so happy, Ray.
Siona's hand touches mine.
We held hands without a second thought.
The warmth in our joined hands.
The orange sky was soon swallowed up by the creeping darkness of the night.
The next day, we decided to sing a song in the square, as we had promised to the people who had helped us fix the projector.
Since it was a good opportunity, we visited Mr. Mud's store to ask him to join us.
But the door was still closed.
It was usually open by now, but there was a sign saying "CLOSE" hanging on the door.
The door of the store was also locked, so I couldn't get in.
I peeked through the crack in the door.
The projector was left on the counter.
Nothing has changed since yesterday.
I couldn't see the chair where Mr. Mudd was sitting because it was on top of a shelf.
I wondered, "What's wrong, Mr. Mads? What's wrong with him?
...... I knew this would happen.
"What do you mean, ...... has happened?"
I tilted my head at Siona, who said it as if she had known the store would be closed.
Yesterday, in the middle of the movie, Mr. Mads went from being red and irritated to being gone.
"Bright red and ...... itchy?
"Yeah, I guess he doesn't need to hold it in anymore. I've never seen you so calm.
Siona smiled in annoyance.
Have you been holding something back?
Yes, he has. ─ Yes, he really wanted to make things right with his son for a long, long time. He wanted to fly to his son. But Mr. Mads is always red and prickly, isn't he?　So there was no chance."
So maybe yesterday's movie was ......?
Yes, that's right. Ray showed Mud a movie about his son, and that helped him to be more honest.
...... Are you going to see your son, by any chance?
Yes. I think he left town.
Siona smiled at me. The smile on her face made me realize that I had really been able to help him.
I felt a sudden heat in my chest, and words came out of my mouth.
It's amazing!　That's amazing, Siona!　It's just like that movie!　It wasn't the son I went to see, it was the father, but it's almost like the movie!
"Yes, it is. It's really amazing. But there's one thing I'm having trouble with.
"A problem?"
Siona's expression clouded over and she let out a small breath.
What could be so troubling about Madge and her son making up?
I don't think he's coming back for a while, so I can't get the ingredients for the orange pawpaw soup anymore.
With a serious face, Siona said.
That's ...... embarrassing.
Yes, it's a problem, isn't it?　Yes, it's a problem, isn't it? - But if we save the ingredients we have, we'll be fine for a while.
But if you save the ingredients you have, you'll be fine for a while." Siona smiled, her tightly drawn lips falling into a smile.
Looking at her, I felt my cheeks move naturally.
I felt something warm rise up from deep inside my chest.
I don't know what to call this feeling, but it makes me feel very full.
I hope you come home soon, Mad. I hope you come home soon, I'd love to talk to you. Maybe your son will come with you. That would be even better.
"Yes, that would be great. That would be great.
Little by little I was learning about emotions. That's what I was feeling.
I'm getting closer to my ideal image.
I want to help people more and more.
I want to learn more and more about emotions.
This thought was the main driving force that drove me.
"Let's get going, Rei. We'll be late.
That's right. Let's hurry. Let's see how many people we can make smile today.
I'm sure it'll be a lot. A lot more than yesterday.
Because Siona sings so beautifully.
No, it's because Ray is playing.
I'm not playing, I'm just turning the wheel.
That's what's important. "That's the important thing. When the person who turns the wheel has a gentle heart, the music will spread in a soft and soothing way.
Siona spread her hands softly and smiled.
If it were only my song, no one would stop to listen to it. If it were only my song, no one would stop. Thank you, Ray."
I felt my face heat up.
I wonder why, Siona. My face is really hot.
"Really. Your face is all red. You must be embarrassed.
Embarrassed?　Is this what embarrassment feels like?
Yeah, you're a little shy, aren't you? It's cute.
My face grew hotter and hotter as I listened to Siona's words.
After leaving Mad's store, we visited the square.
Even before we arrived, there were already many people gathered there.
"We've been waiting for you, you two, have a great day!
"My child has been saying since yesterday, 'Let's go sing a song. Please?"
"Your songs are so soothing to me. Thank you very much.
Big brother, big sister, sing to me again.
All the people we met were waiting for our melody.
And everyone had a smile on their face.
This was it.
This was what I was looking for.
To do something that would make people happy and be appreciated.
That's what I was looking for.
How good it felt.
How good it feels, how warm it feels in my heart.
I've always wanted to experience this feeling.
"Let's get started, Siona. Let's make everyone smile.
"Yes, of course."
I turned the handle of the music box, just like yesterday.
The melody overflowed.
Siona spun the melody in time with the sound.
And the melody spreads a big circle of smiles.
Smiles spread throughout the town.
That made me happy more than anything.
And I was happy to see Siona's happy face as she sang.
The people of the town were listening with smiles, just as they had yesterday.
The circle of smiles spread.
Suddenly, I felt a slight discomfort in my hand as I turned the handle of the music box.
My right hand was wearing a glove to hide my mechanical hand.
I felt a slight creak in my hand as I turned the handle.
"Hey, how did that machine go the day before yesterday?
While I was cleaning up the performance, I raised my head when someone spoke to me.
As I was cleaning up the performance, I raised my head to see the director and the townspeople who had provided the parts.
We were able to rebuild it, and Mr. Mads was very happy. Thanks to all of you.
"Well, that's good to hear. Well, that's good to hear. It was worth the effort of asking everyone.
I really appreciate it. Thank you.
No, it's okay. ...... But, you know, it's all thanks to you.
Yeah, yeah. It's because of your actions that people have come to help us like this.
But that's because you're all so kind. But that's because you're all so kind. My actions are just the beginning.
Of course that's true. Of course, that's true, but if you don't take action, you won't know, and you won't change. It's not about who's the best or who's the greatest. It's whoever takes the first action that has the most value.
The director and all the people who helped me smiled warmly.
If you need anything else, please don't hesitate to ask. If you need anything else, don't hesitate to let us know and we'll do our best to help.
With that, the curators scattered and moved away.
As I watched them walk away, I thought to myself.
"Hey, Siona.
What's wrong, Rei?
I really want to make more people happy.
It's really wonderful to be able to make people happy.
Yes, it is. Yes, it is. But it's nice to feel that way, Ray.
Siona's compliment made me a little happy.
I could feel a warmth deep inside my chest.
So I want to help and be of service to many people. I want to meet more and more people and help them solve their problems and troubles.
If that's what you want to do, that's what you should do.
"Then let's go find them, Siona!　Let's go help the people in this town who are in trouble!
...... Wait.
You know, Ray, I don't think that's quite right.
I was sure that Siona would agree with me.
I was sure that Siona would agree with me, but she was shaking her head with a troubled look in her eyes.
It's great to help people. But I don't think you should force it on people.
"Imposing ......?　I didn't mean anything by it.
Of course I know how you feel. Of course I understand how you feel, but there are obstacles and problems that people have to overcome on their own. If you help them with all that, they will never grow. Of course, it's important to help them, but first of all, they have to work really hard, and only when they can't do it on their own do they need help. That's why, Ray. When someone asks for help, you should help them. It's not too late to help then."
I understood what Siona was saying.
I could understand what she was saying.
But deep inside my heart, I felt a part of me that was stuck.
Why do I have to keep my feelings of wanting to help others intact?
Why can't I just help people myself?
Why, why, why can't I just go to ......?
So I stopped thinking about it.
I stopped thinking about it, because I felt that Siona's smile looked sad.
A few days later.
The feeling of discomfort came back to me again.
It was the uncomfortable feeling in her right hand that she had felt when she was turning the music box.
It was a small feeling that I couldn't put into words.
But it was definitely attacking my right hand.
The uncomfortable feeling was gradually getting bigger.
After returning to Siona's house, I tried to move my fingers one by one in my room.
The same thing happened with each finger, once they reached a certain depth, they would not bend any further.
This made it impossible for me to grasp anything.
It was a problem that would interfere with my daily life.
No matter how many times I tried, the problem would not go away.
Perhaps it needs a fundamental repair, like taking it apart once.
I have an idea what's wrong with it.
It was when I was looking for that projector.
I did a lot of reckless things in that dump.
When I was moving heavy things, I felt something strange.
I think I'll go to that abandoned factory later today.
I'll go to that abandoned factory later today and look for some tools to repair it.
"Rei, it's time to eat."
Siona suddenly walked into the room.
I hurriedly put on my gloves and covered my bare right hand.
What's the matter?　What's the matter?
It's nothing. I was in a daze. I was just startled.
Did I startle you?　I'm sorry about that. I'll knock next time.
Yes, thank you. That'd be great.
Yeah, okay. So, the food's ready.
I look at the clock.
I looked at my watch and realized that the hands were already at the top of the clock.
I didn't know it was that time already. ......
It's always cloudy outside. I'm losing track of time.
Yes, I'll be right there. Can you wait for me?
Yeah, okay. I'll see you in the kitchen, Ray.
Siona smiled and left the room.
I took off my gloves again and checked my right hand.
I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I'm not the only one who has a problem with this. ...... I'll have to do something about it so that Siona doesn't find out.
If I do go to the abandoned factory, it will only be after I have eaten.
I headed to the kitchen with determination.
The kitchen was lined with Siona's homemade food.
"Ray, take a chair. Let's eat."
Siona folded her hands in front of her face.
I did the same.
Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come, thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. Forgive us our sins. Forgive us our sins, and we forgive others. Do not let us fall into temptation, but deliver us from evil.
These words were taught to me by Siona.
Before I knew it, I had started praying the same way.
That's how much time I've spent with Siona.
When I thought about it, I naturally felt warmth deep in my heart.
"Yes?　Nothing, nothing at all.
Is that so?　You look so happy.　You're all orange and fluffy.
You look happy?　I'm ......?
Yeah, very, very happy. Ray, you've been making that expression a lot lately. It makes me happy, too.
Does that mean you're smiling?
Yes, it does. At first you didn't smile at all, but recently you've been smiling a lot. I'm glad.
"I'm ...... laughing ......?"
I remember the first day I woke up.
I remember the first day I woke up, I saw my face was expressionless.
Since that day, I've been wishing for something.
I wanted to have feelings.
Before I knew it, I seemed to have gotten what I wanted.
I felt a lightness deep in my heart.
Now I can be with Siona and the others forever.
I looked down at my right hand.
I couldn't use a spoon properly with this hand, which hung limp and weak.
I had no choice but to switch to my left hand and scoop up the soup.
Eating with my unaccustomed left hand is extremely difficult.
What's wrong, Ray?　Ray is left-handed, right?
No, I'm ...... right-handed, but my right hand was hurting today.
"It hurts?　Oh my God!　We need to get a doctor. ...... Yeah, but he's not in town, so we'll have to get one from a town far away. ......
No, it's okay. No, it's okay. It'll go away if you leave it alone.
No. ...... No, that's not good.
If the doctor sees it, he or she will know who I am.
I have to avoid that.
I want to stay here forever.
I'm sure it's because I was so reckless the other day. I'm sure it's because I was so reckless the other day, working so hard in the rain. ......
...... Yeah, I think that's probably it.
You know, you don't stop when I tell you to. I'm worried about Ray's health.
Yeah, thanks. But I'm glad your hard work has made Mr. Mads happy.
Yes, I am. But don't overdo it.
Siona looked at me with a worried look.
I don't want to do anything that would make her look like this again.
When I see her not smiling, my heart turns blue.
I don't want to make her look like this again. Have you heard from him since then?
No, not yet. His son lives a little far from here. I don't think he's arrived yet.
I see. I hope he'll call soon.
Yeah, I hope so.
After that, Siona never asked me about my right hand.
With my left hand, which I was not used to, I finished my meal early.
I went back to my room and started to get ready.
I stuffed my tools into my bag.
I would probably have to disassemble my own arm.
I'll have to figure it out on my own.
I can't rely on anyone else.
That's why I made careful preparations.
While I was concentrating on my preparations, I heard a knock on the door of the room.
Shortly after, Siona came into the room.
"Rei, are you going to ...... somewhere for shopping if you don't mind?"
She looked at my bag and me in turn and asked.
Yes. I'm just looking for something.
Where are you going?　Near?　Far away?　When are you coming back?
I'm going to the abandoned factory. I'll be home as soon as I can.
An abandoned factory?　What are you doing there?
Well, ...... actually, the director of the photo shop asked me to get some parts for him, so I'm going there to look for them.
It was a lie.
It was a poor lie, but Shiona smiled at me.
I'm sure you'll be fine. Be really careful, okay?　You've got a bad right hand, don't you?
"Yes, thank you. I'll try to get home as soon as I can.
I was seen off by Siona and left the church.
My destination was an abandoned factory.
But before that, there was a place I had to stop by.
I'm not sure what to do with it.
If Siona met the director and told him about me, the lie would be exposed.
If that happened, I would hurt her.
I don't want to hurt her.
That's why my feet were going to the photo shop.
Oh, what an unusual customer.
I opened the door and was greeted by the director, who was polishing his camera.
I'm sorry to bother you so suddenly.
No, it's okay. ...... I was just about to go to the house.
"Home ...... to church?　What do you want?
Yeah, I'll be right back.
The director retreated into the back.
While I waited, I decided to look around at the pictures on display.
There were a variety of old and recent photos on display.
They were taken at different times, places, and by different people.
However, there was one thing in common.
That is, everyone has a smile on their face.
I couldn't help but be envious of the smiling people in these photos.
I couldn't help but envy the people in the photo with those smiles. Here you go.
The director held out a photo to me.
In the photo, there was a smiling Shiona and a blank expression on my face.
It's a picture I took a while ago. It took me a while to develop it. I'm sorry I'm late.
"No, it's not. Thank you very much. But I don't have any money on me. ......
It's okay. It's okay. I'm late and I wanted to take this picture. I'll take it as a service.
Thank you very much. I'll pass it on to Siona.
"By all means, do so. I'll give it to Siona. - By all means. You and Siona's brother really look alike.
You know Siona's brother?
Yes, of course. Do you know her brother? - Yes, of course. Have you ever seen a picture of her and her brother together?
Yes, I have. Yes, I have. It's a picture of them with a music box, isn't it?
Yes, that's it. Actually, I took that picture.
Oh, I didn't know that. ....... When did your brother leave for his trip?
I think it was right after I took that picture. He wanted to share his music with the world. I was sad for Siona. She's always smiling like that, but at that time she was crying all the time.
I can't believe it.　I can't believe it. ......
I can't believe it. ...... But lately she's been smiling a lot. She laughs as much as she does when her brother is around ....... Maybe even more.
"I see. I'm sure he's laughing all the time.
I'm sure it's because you're here.
I think it's partly because you look like your brother, but I don't think it's just that.
But I haven't been able to do anything for her.
But I haven't done anything for her. It's not just about doing something to make someone smile, it's also about being near them, being there for them.
"I'll be there ....... I am confident that I can be there for her more than anyone else.
I can see it in your eyes. You can see it in my eyes. When she is with you, she seems to have a sincere smile on her face.
These words warmed my heart.
I am the one who makes her smile.
It's funny that I should ask you to do this.
It's funny that I should ask you this, but will you stay close to her?
"Of course. "Of course, I will always stay close to her and continue to make her smile. That's what I want most of all.
Hahaha, that sounds like a marriage proposal. It's a pity that Siona isn't here.
"Pro......pose......?"
I felt my face heat up when I heard those words.
I know what the word means.
I know what it means, it's a vow between a man and a woman to spend the rest of their lives together.
I wondered if what I had just said was the same as that.
When I think about it, my face gets even hotter.
I turn my back to the director, trying not to let him know how upset I am.
"Well, I have to go somewhere, so..."
"I see. Don't lose that picture, okay?
Yes, thank you.
I thanked him over my back and left the photo shop.
The road to the abandoned factory.
The road to the abandoned factory, through the red-black earth.
My bag full of tools is a heavy burden.
I could hear the sound of tools rubbing against each other in the bag slung over my shoulder.
The wind was blowing hard, and it looked like it was about to rain.
It was going to rain any minute. If I went to the shop for repairs, I would end up with more broken parts.
I decided to hurry to the abandoned factory before it started to rain.
On the way.
I spotted something shimmering white in the distance.
But it was so far away that there was no way to be sure what it was.
I couldn't tell how big it was yet, but the white object seemed to be slowly approaching me.
I stare at it and try to confirm it.
Just then, a gust of wind blew.
I couldn't help but close my eyes.
When I opened my eyes again, the white object had disappeared from my sight.
What the hell was that ......?
I stood there for a while.
But I couldn't stay like this.
The clouds were getting weirder and weirder.
I have to get to the abandoned factory as soon as possible.
I arrived at the abandoned factory just as it looked like it was about to start raining.
The inside was as dusty as ever and filled with the smell of oxidized oil.
I quickly found a handy workbench and decided to take off the glove on my right hand.
I'm used to bare parts.
I decided to start by slowly opening and closing my fingers.
The malfunction had not been fixed, and the movement stopped midway.
What could be the cause?
I took out a light from my bag, shined it on the arm, and looked into it.
There didn't seem to be any foreign object stuck in it.
If it is ......, then it must be a problem with the parts inside itself.
I took out a tool and started to disassemble my right hand.
The thought of disassembling my own hand gave me an eerie feeling.
I'm destroying myself right now.
If I take all of this apart, will I be broken?
Would that be my "death"?
What would it really feel like?
If I die, where will this consciousness disappear to?
And if I were to be reassembled again, would my consciousness return?
Would that be considered living?
As I disassembled it with these thoughts in the back of my mind, I arrived at the cause of the failure.
The piston rod of the cylinder that distributes oil to the fingers was bent, and oil was seeping out.
I had removed this part once when I fixed Siona's music box.
I had used the oil in the cylinder to acclimate the gears of the music box.
It was only a small amount of oil, but I guess it was necessary for the prosthetic finger, which operates in a very precise manner.
Even a small tear can become a big scratch if it is repeated.
However, with the rod so bent, even a half-hearted attempt to fix it might cause the oil leak to recur.
The best thing to do would be to just replace the whole thing with a new one.
I get up and start searching the area.
Parts of the phylloid were lying on the floor, ready to be made.
I'm sure there must be some parts that match my model lying around here in the phylloid factory.
With my disassembled right arm, I search the factory.
There were many arm, leg, and torso parts lying around in the factory.
The parts of the head were so elaborate that if you weren't careful, you might think they were real for a moment.
I tried to find one that would fit me.
Looking at the bare right arm, I checked the model number of the part I needed.
That seems to be the model number of the part I need.
I start looking for the same model number in the arm parts lying around.
I wonder if they are using something very rare.
I checked all the parts lying around the factory, but there was no one with the same model number.
The state of decay in this factory is much more advanced than the one I woke up in.
I could tell that the facility had been abandoned a long time ago.
That would explain why there were no parts with the same model number, as they were manufactured in different years.
Impatiently, I continued to search for parts and found one marked "AR115".
It looked as close as possible to the part that was installed in my arm.
However, the piston rod and shaft are a bit long.
It looks like it could be replaced with a little modification.
The arm with the AR115 attached was placed on the workbench and disassembled.
Once the parts were successfully taken out, I compared them with the parts that were originally installed in me - "HR114".
It seems that the "AR115" has an additional output terminal that was not present in the "HR114".
Other than that, there are no other changes.
I immediately tried to install the part on my arm.
Unlike the disassembly process, the installation process was a little more difficult.
I dropped the screws several times, but somehow managed to finish the installation.
When I moved my fingers, I could open and close it as before.
However, every time I did so, I could hear the cacophony of the machine rubbing against each other.
It seemed that the lubricating oil had run out.
I walked deeper into the factory in search of oil.
As the smell of oxidized oil intensified, I reached a black drum.
I opened them up and found that they were all too oxidized to be used.
But I found a relatively new drum at the far end.
When I opened it, I found a small amount of less oxidized oil inside.
I scooped out the oil from the oil storage tank located inside the arm.
Then, he returned the tank to its original location.
After a while, the oil was automatically extracted and made the mechanical parts slippery.
When I tried to move it, I was able to open and close my fingers without any discordant sound.
I was able to fix it.
I felt a sense of clarity in my heart as I watched my fingers move smoothly.
I put my gloves back on, put the tool back in my bag, and left the factory.
Outside, the wind was getting stronger.
I hope it doesn't rain. ......
I hurried back to town.
--On the way there.
There was a white object on the ground.
It was fluttering as if it were being tossed about by the blowing wind.
After staring at it for a while, I realized that it was a cloak.
After a few flaps, I saw what was wrapped inside.
It was in the shape of a person.
I hurriedly approached it, got down on one knee, and gently turned the cloak around.
There, I saw a young man with serious injuries.
The blood flowing from his wounded arm - I knew immediately that it was a ningen.
I'm sure you'll be fine.
"U............."
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
It's a good idea to take a look at the website and see if you can find anything you like.
The young man's feet are covered with scars, as if he had crawled on them.
The marks were covered with blood, indicating the severity of the injury.
I have to save him.
A sense of mission seeped out of my chest and into my entire body.
Please be strong, are you okay?
I threw the bag on my shoulder to the ground and picked up the young man.
It was the first time I'd ever seen a woman in the hospital.
Then he reached out his hand as if he was clinging to something.
I immediately held out my right hand, which was open.
The machine's hand was grasped through the glove.
I bite my navel in my mind, "Oh no...
But the strength of the hand was so weak that I couldn't shake it off.
The young man slowly opened his eyes and looked at me.
"Oh, you ......
Are you okay?　There's a town nearby. We'll have you there in no time.
......
He mumbled to himself as he ruminated on my words with dull eyes.
You'll be able to find a lot more than just a pair of gloves.
I'm sure he knows.
Through the glove, I'm sure he's aware of the hard texture, different from that of a ningen.
But I don't care.
I'm not in a situation where I can worry about that.
"In ...... that town, ...... you are ...... and ........."
"You are ...... in ...... that town."
The young man repeated the word "town" as if it were an incantation.
The word was weak and seemed to be about to fade away.
I decided to take the young man home with me.
Maybe I can help him now.
I squared my shoulders and dragged the young man along with me.
My steps were heavy, and it took me a long time to walk even ten meters.
But I wanted to help him,......, and I was full of desire to save him.
I'm not sure what to say, but I'm sure you'll understand.
The man who looked like he was about to pass out asked me.
It's only been about a week.
"So ...... or ....... So ...... or .......
Over my shoulder, I can feel the young man's weakening.
If I don't keep him conscious, he might not come back.
It's not that big, but we'll be in town soon. It's not that big, but the people there are warm.
I desperately tried to talk to the young man.
I tried my best to talk to the young man, hoping that if I could tell him something interesting, he wouldn't be so distracted.
We don't have a doctor, but we do have books, so I'm sure we can figure out how to treat your injuries.
"......ho......n......?"
Yes!　We have everything. Yes, we have everything, we can look up anything. So please be strong.
"......, ......, ......, but ......?"
Yes!　I'm sure!
The young man took a long, deep breath and muttered to himself.
"Drop the ......, ......."
I didn't know what he was talking about.
I stopped in my tracks.
I stopped in my tracks. "...... me ...... and throw me away ......."
No, I can't do that!
I've been attacked by a ...... ningen. ......
"Attacked by a ...... ningen?"
I was just traveling ...... in search of an ideal, but an ideal is a ...... set of values.
The young man took another long breath.
The young man took another long breath. "Because of differences in values, ...... people are ...... at odds with each other, feuding, fighting ...... to the point of being outrageous ...... and violent.
"No, that's not true. Ningen are warm, sharing and supporting each other."
Yeah, that's exactly what I want. ......
The young man weakens, as if to exhale all the breaths he has taken so far.
I'm not sure what to say, but I'm going to say it.　Please be firm!"
I'm not sure if I've just lost consciousness or if I've ...... lost consciousness.
A lot of unpleasant thoughts go around in my head.
I grit my teeth, look straight ahead, and start walking towards the town.
Even if it's just for a second, I want to help this person.
At some point, the rain began to fall, hitting us hard on the back.
The rainwater was getting into my gloves, but I didn't care.
I frantically carried the young man into the church.
"Ray, what's ...... wrong with that person?
I'm not sure if this is a good idea, but I think it's a good idea.
"He collapsed on the way here!　He's hurt really badly!
"All right. Carry him to the back.
Siona led me to the room with the bed.
As I laid him down on the white sheets, the rainwater and blood on his body mixed together to form a red stain that spread.
The young man did not seem to regain consciousness.
Rei, I've brought you some water.
She put the cup that Siona had given her to the young man's mouth.
I poured a little water into his mouth.
The young man's throat pulsed with a choking sound.
But he still couldn't regain consciousness.
His face was much paler than when we had met.
Siona, I'm going to the library!　I'm sure there are medical books there!"
Siona bit her lip as she was about to say something.
She bit her lip as she was about to say something, but I was concerned about her state of mind.
I ran out of the room with Siona at my heels.
I ran out of the room, leaving Siona behind, and went to the library, willing to get wet in the rain.
"Rei, what's wrong?　You're all wet.
Tippi's eyes were wide open as she stared at me, as if she was surprised to see me running in.
I asked her, not caring about her uncontrolled breathing.
"Tippy, ......, do you have any medical books here?"
"Uh, yes, we do.
Please, can you take me there right away?
...... Okay.
He must have sensed something.
He must have sensed something, because he immediately led me to the place.
Who's sick?
On the way, Tippy asked me, looking forward.
Yeah, ...... is hurt.
"Ray?　Siona?　Or ......?
No, it's someone Tippy doesn't know. So you don't have to look so sad.
"Because ...... because, because ......."
I let a large tear roll down my cheek.
It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
I'm not sure what to say.
This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
It's okay,......, it's okay.
I picked up Tippi and gently wrapped her in my hands.
I'm not sure what to do.
I could feel a small pain in my chest.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
But no matter how many books we had, we were just amateurs.
I didn't know what the symptoms were, what kind of treatment I should have, or even which book was right.
I brought back as many books from the library as I could carry in my hands.
I went back to the church, not caring if the books got wet.
When I opened the door, I heard a melody.
It was a melody sung by Siona.
The melody of Siona's voice was enough for me to recognize that this was a sacred place.
"Siona, how are you doing?"
No, she hasn't woken up since ....... I've done what I can, but ......".
I ran to the young man.
The bandages were probably to take care of Siona.
But the young man's face was even more pale than before.
I opened the medical book roughly.
I flipped through the pages, trying to find out what I could do to help.
But we were too reckless.
No matter how wonderful the medical book was, it was still just a bunch of paper.
There was no way we could have saved anyone with medicine without technology.
We were too helpless, too small.
Siona sings quietly.
She sings quietly, not like usual, but quietly, like a requiem.
"......, ......, this song, ......."
The young man opened his eyes to Siona's song.
The young man opened his eyes as Siona sang, but his perspective was hollow, as if he was about to disappear.
Do you know this song?
"Yeah, it's a familiar song. ...... I used to sing it all the time. ......"
The young man's gaze traced the ceiling and turned to me and Siona.
The young man's gaze traces the ceiling and turns to me and Siona.
"...... Oh, here it is ......, here is the world I've been looking for ......."
What do you mean?　What do you mean, the world I've been looking for? ......
The young man's ears may be deaf now, but he won't answer my question.
He just continued to speak in a one-sided manner.
"...the path of coexistence: ...... the world of harmony: ......"
When the young man finished, he quietly closed his eyes.
After that, he didn't move a muscle.
I remembered the feeling of something spilling out from deep inside my chest.
I felt something spill out of my chest, "Hey Siona, why don't you open your eyes? Is she asleep?
The strength that was in my hands just now is slipping away. ......
Hey, I wonder why ...... I'm so tired, I wonder ......
An indescribable sense of loss settled heavily in my chest like a dark cloud.
I'm not sure what to make of it.
Siona hugged me from behind.
The warmth of her hug calmed me down a little.
I naturally put my own hand on top of Siona's hand that was wrapped around my chest.
"Siona...... me, me......"
I'll give you a funeral, Ray .......
"Funeral ......?"
It's a kind of ritual you do when someone dies.
"When someone dies, ......"
With those words, I recognize it.
It's like a ritual when someone dies.
It's the only way we can mourn the dead.
I can't move as I listen to Siona's words.
I couldn't process the presence of death in front of me in my mind.
Then, I need your help to get ready.
All I could do was give a short nod.
We started to prepare for the funeral.
To mourn this young man whose name I didn't even know.
As we prepared for the ceremony, there was one thing that really bothered me.
I had left Tippi, who had been shedding so many tears, at the library.
I wondered if Tippi was still shedding tears.
In that dark library. All alone.
"Ray, what's wrong?"
I was in the middle of decorating the altar when Siona spoke to me.
Yes, ......, there's something that's been bothering me.
What's bothering you?　What's the matter?　What's the matter?
No, no, it's about ...... Tippy.
Tippy?　What's wrong with Tippy?
"When I went to get the medical book, I told Tippy all about him. When I went to get the medical book, I told Tippy all about him, and she cried. ...... It was so bad, I left her in the library.
He turned blue and stayed that way.
"Yeah, I did. So I thought he might still be crying. ......
...... Yeah, that's probably it. I'm sure she's crying in the back of the library.
I could easily imagine her.
I could easily imagine her crying in the back of the library. The thought of that made me want to stay there even more.
Siona, can I go check on Tippi for a moment?
Siona smiled a little sadly.
I have some more preparations for the funeral. I have a few more funeral arrangements to make, so I hope you'll be home soon.
Yes, I know. I'll be back soon.
...... Okay. Have a good day.
Siona gave me a sad smile.
I just finished decorating the altar and headed to the library.
I just finished decorating the altar and headed to the library with the medical books I had borrowed.
I walk through the streets with an umbrella as it begins to drizzle.
There was something different about the town.
It was as if something important was missing, as if it had been lost. ......
I ran through the town of loss and hurried to the library.
Inside the library, there was silence, as if the sound of rain had been blocked out.
--No, just one thing.
Except for the sound of a blue girl sobbing from the back.
I walk forward, relying on the sound of the girl's cries.
There she was, in her usual place.
As usual, she was drawing pictures and shedding tears.
"Ray......Ray......"
When Tippi recognized me, she reached out her small hand to me.
I hugged her little body in reply.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
"Ray ......, what happened to him?"
I choked on the words.
"Hey, Ray ...... Ray ......."
"Hey, Ray ...... hey ...... hey hey ......."
Mute had become the answer.
Tippi realized everything and started to cry out loud without any sadness.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
Oh, I wonder why.
What is this pain in my heart?
The depths of my heart are stirred up into a mess.
It sometimes hurt my chest with pain.
It must be something that overflowed from the open wound in my chest.
I found myself crying.
I realized that I was crying.
I was crying over the death of a young man whose name I didn't know.
Oh, I see.
So this is "sadness".
It's a blue emotion.
It's the emotion that Tippi always lights up in her heart.
It's such a painful, hard thing.
Tears flowed incessantly.
I don't know how to stop them.
--No, no, no.
I didn't want to stop.
I wanted to keep the hot drops flowing.
I'm sure these drops are an act to heal my sorrow.
We keep our minds alive by letting the sadness that is pent up in our hearts flow out.
Thinking of this, I felt the weight in my heart lighten a little.
At the same time, I felt the amount of tears overflowing increased.
I cried.
We cried.
We sobbed, we hugged each other, and we cried.
We cried, and cried, and cried at .......
No matter how long it takes, the tears never run dry.
The tears continued to flow, as if the sorrow would never die.
"Tippy, there's a funeral coming up.
"...... funeral?　What ...... is that?
It's a ceremony to say goodbye to someone who has passed away. Siona is preparing it for me right now.
"Farewell ......?　Good-bye is ......?
It means you'll never see them again.
We'll never see each other again. ...... No!
Tippi clung to me tightly.
His arm was trembling a little.
I know what you mean, Tippi. But it is because we are sad that we have to say goodbye properly.
I can't see him anymore, so let's say goodbye and see him off. If you don't, you'll be sad and lonely. ......
"I'll miss you ...... and I'll be sad ......."
"Yes, I'm sure you're right. That's why you should send them off. Can you ...... help me not to be lonely and sad?"
Tippi slowly pulled her body away from mine.
He looked up at me with a face that hadn't stopped crying.
"I can ...... do it. Tippi, I can do it."
"Yeah. That's great, Tippy.
I stroked her head and she looked a little happy.
But the tears would never stop.
So let's go to ......, shall we?
"Yeah, .......... Hold on."
Tippy stood up and grabbed her stuffed bear.
The stuffed animal that was always with her was still in her arms.
We headed to the church, hand in hand, in the pouring rain.
Father, merciful God, into your hands we commit this young man who has believed in your only begotten Son and has completed his life's journey in the hope of eternal life.
Take away from us all the burdens of this brother and sister who are separated from us, and lead them to your heavenly dwelling place and include them in the company of the saints.
In the sorrow of our separation, may we also be sustained by the hope of the resurrection promised by the Lord, and share in the eternal joy of the child who has been called to you.
The church, where Siona's voice echoed, was filled with attendees.
None of them had ever seen the young man before.
None of them must have known the young man.
Yet, all the people gathered here were mourning the death of the young man.
I thought that this was the feeling of caring for others, the connection between people.
Everyone folded their hands in front of their chests and closed their eyes in silent prayer.
I and Tippi followed suit.
Siona's voice echoed solemnly in the church.
It sounded as if it was a song she was singing to the young man.
After the funeral, the young man was buried in the cemetery behind the church.
One by one, the people of the town walked up to the coffin and said their final goodbyes.
Have a good next life....
Let's meet again someday...
May you rest in eternal peace...
He said the words of his heart.
"Come on, Tippy."
It was our turn to approach the coffin.
Tippy was staring at the coffin containing the young man.
The tears he had shown just before the funeral were gone, and he just stared at the young man with a blank expression.
It was as if he had lost all emotion.
He was just silent.
He was staring at the coffin.
This made me uneasy, and I tried to call out to Tippi.
But a moment later, she opened her mouth.
She whispered in a small voice.
A few hours passed.
The rain had stopped, and a rare ray of light shone through the clouds.
It's rare to see sunlight shining through the muddy gray sky.
However, I was not enthralled by the beautiful scenery.
The expression on Tippi's face that I had seen during the funeral was bothering me.
The expression on her face was too empty to be called sadness.
I don't know what that means.
Still, there is only one thing I can think of.
I want to be there for him.
I want to be there for Tippi and talk to her.
I want to be there for her, to talk to her, to heal her sorrow.
This thought was growing in me.
When I was about to open the door to my room, Siona stopped me.
Yes, I was thinking of going to Tippi's.
I saw how sad Tippi looked at the funeral, and I was worried.
I see. ...... But I'm worried about Ray.
Yeah. I'm worried about Ray, because he looks so sad.
"Sad ......?"
I touch my cheek with my hand.
I touch my cheek with my hand, "You can't tell, can you?　Come here, come here.
He took me by the hand and brought me into the living room, where I stood in front of a mirror.
See, I look sad, don't I?
My face in the mirror was ...... blue.
I could understand what Siona meant when she said that Tippi was "blue".
I'm not sure what to make of this.
I'm not sure what to make of it, but I think it's a good idea.
It's the first time I've seen my face like this.
This is what ...... sadness is all about.
Even if you don't shed tears, when you are trapped in this emotion, your face becomes so "blue".
It's because someone has died. It's normal to look like that."
How do I need to feel ...... like this to live?
It was bitter ...... and painful ......, heavy, painful and cold .......
I look at Siona's face in the mirror.
You can find a lot of people who are looking for the best way to get the most out of their life.
I'm sure she's smiling stoutly.
Just thinking about it made my heart ache a little.
Tippi-chan is important, too. But I want you to take care of yourself first.
"I'm ...... taking care of me?"
Yes, I do. You take care of yourself.
I've never thought about ...... taking care of myself.
You're so kind, Ray. That's why you put other people's needs before your own.
But that's what I'm trying to do.
I'm a little sad about that. I don't want you to push yourself.
I'm not overreacting.
You don't think so?　I don't think so.
Siona's arm wrapped around mine.
I'm worried about .......
I felt my heart rate increase.
I do not know what it is.
I'm not sure what it is, but it's certainly shaking my emotions.
I'm not sure what it is, but it's certainly making my emotions twitch.
I'm not sure what it is, but it's definitely something that moves me. ...... No, it's more than tenderness. ...... It's a different kind of warmth than the one that touches my skin.
I'm not sure what to say.
"...... Tea?　Why?
"When you drink something warm and fuzzy, it makes your mind fuzzy too. When you drink something warm and fuzzy, it relaxes your mind and body, and it feels really good.
"But Tippy is ......"
Tippy is probably very upset about the loss of someone. But you'll get over it. You'll get over it. Let's give her some space. It's very important to be alone, you know?"
Do you think so?
Yes, it is. Yes, I'm sure it is, because otherwise you won't be strong.
People can get stronger by overcoming obstacles and sorrows. But it's hard to grow if you need someone to help you every time. Let's leave Tippy alone today so that she can grow.
Tippi is a weak person.
Tippi is always crying.
But if you say it's a chance for her to grow, then I'll accept it at .......
I'll accept it.
Siona, can you make me a cup of tea?
Sure. Will you sit in the chair and wait for me?"
I sat down on the sofa and waited for her to make the tea.
I sat down on the sofa and waited for her tea.
Thank you for waiting. Here's your special, soft tea. Bon appétit."
The offered teacup was filled with an orange drink.
The cup was filled with an orange drink that had a slight sourness and a slightly sweet aroma.
"Like this. It's been a while since I've had a chance to talk with you.
"Yes, it has. It's been a long time. ......
How's your memory, Ray?
No, it's not coming back yet.
I see. ....... But don't panic. But don't be in a hurry, it might come back to you in a flash.
Yeah, thanks ......, but I'm sorry.
Sorry?　Sorry about what?
I'm sorry that I haven't been able to repay you in any way for letting me stay here.
That's not true. I'm just happy to have you around.
But that's not repayment at all.
That's not all. He also fixed the music box for me. ...... And now I can sing.
Siona was singing before that.
But there is a big difference between having a melody and not having a melody. We played together in the square, didn't we?　Actually, I've sung there many times.
You sang in that place ...... by yourself?
Yes. But no one listened to me then.
You have such a beautiful voice.　That's strange.
Well, thank you. But that's the way it is. That's why I was so happy when Ray brought the music box with him.
Oh, no. ...... I was just spinning the music box.
I was just spinning the music box. I'm so happy that you're here with me.
It's the same for me. I'm happy to be here with you.
...... Thank you. Ray, you're becoming very emotional.
Emotions?　Me?
Yes. Your face is much more expressive than when we first met.
That's what I've been looking for and wanting.
It's what I've been craving since I woke up.
Being told this by Siona filled my heart.
You will find a lot of things that you can do to make your life easier.
I'm sure it's because she's smiling next to me.
"Is that so?　I didn't do anything.
No, it's because of you. Thank you, I appreciate it.
That means a lot to me. Thank you, Ray.
I'm more grateful than you.
I'm more thankful for ...... Hmmm, that's funny. It's funny how we keep thanking each other.
That's true. I wonder what we're doing here.
It's ...... funny, though.
What's funny?
What's funny? - I just wish this time could go on forever. ...... Isn't that funny?
...... No, not at all. I've been thinking the same thing. ......
...... Can I come over there?
Siona sits next to me.
You can feel the warmth of the distance.
We were the closest we had ever been.
What is that ......?　What's ......?
What's wrong with you?
Something's wrong with my body. My chest is ...... throbbing.
Could it be a malfunction?　I don't want it to be so serious that it needs maintenance.
"Don't worry. It's the same for me. My chest is throbbing all the time.
"What?　Are you okay?　Does it hurt?
No. It's very nice, you know.
Siona put her hand on my hand with a gentle smile.
Softly, she wrapped her hand around mine.
I turned my wrist in response. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
I can feel the warmth of Siona more strongly.
And that warmth warms the depths of my chest.
"It's warm in my chest, like, softly ......."
"My chest is ......?　Here ......?"
Siona's hand reaches out to my chest.
The place where she touched me instantly became hot.
Your hand feels really hot. ...... I wonder why. Could it be a disease?
No, I don't think so.
Do you know why?
Yes, I think so.
Tell me.
Hmm, I don't know.
Don't be mean. I'm curious.
Hmm. ...... But, you know, it's not just Ray.
It gets hot?
Yeah, yeah. I'm feeling very hot in my chest right now.
Is it the same for you?
Yes, she is. I think she might be more seriously injured than Ray.
That's terrible!　How do I get better?
No, I can't fix it. ...... I don't need to fix it.
It's hot and it's queasy and it's painful and it's sad, but it's warm and it's ...... good. That's what I want, Ray."
Siona's overlapping hands became a little hotter.
I hold her hand back.
Rei, please.
I want you to be with me forever.
Yeah, ...... stay with me forever and ever?
Yeah. ...... I promise.
Thank you, Ray. I'm so happy. ...... So, so, so happy ......"
Siona rested her head on my chest.
I'm not sure what to do with it.
It was similar to the feeling of joy I had felt before, but even stronger.
I wondered what the ningen would call it.
I wanted to ask Siona, but I thought it would be tactless to interrupt the atmosphere.
So, I went straight to ...... and surrendered myself to time with Siona.
A sweet-smelling tea was prepared on the table. The next day, I finished my breakfast.
The next day, after breakfast, I was getting ready to go out.
I was getting ready to leave after breakfast the next day when Siona, who was washing the dishes, called out to me.
I was thinking of going to the library.
"You're going to the library ...... to see Tippi-chan?"
Yes, that's the plan.
I'm sure she's still getting over it. I'm sure she's still getting over it, so let's just leave her alone, okay?
Yes, ......, but I can't leave her alone if she doesn't get over it and is feeling lonely.
Just as Siona was there for me yesterday and made me feel warm and fuzzy, I think I can support you just by being near you.
It's okay. You're not so weak, Tippy.
Yeah, I guess. ......?
Yes, I'm sure she is. But I have a favor to ask you, Ray. Can we go to the square today?
To the square?　Why?
I thought we'd take the music box to ...... and sing again.
Yes, I know you've been sad. Yeah, I know you've been sad, but it's important to take a break.
Resting your mind. ......?
After the funeral, I'm sure the people in the town are feeling down as well. After the funeral, I'm sure the townspeople are feeling down as well, so why don't we try to cheer them up?
"...... everyone in town?　Of course I want to do that.
It's hard to see the sad faces.
It's hard to see them sad, and if I could, I'd try to soothe their sadness.
That's what we can do, Melody. It's our melody that can do that, and I'm sure it'll bring the town back to life.
Well, ......, I guess.
Yes, it will. Come on, let's get ready.
At Siona's urging, I reached for the music box.
The music box is serviced daily and is always ready to play music.
We set off for the square.
It was a cloudy afternoon.
There were hardly any people there.
No one there, Siona.
It's always like this at this time of day. Before Ray came.
Before I came to ......?
I told you. I told you, ever since Ray started playing music for me, people started listening to me. The people in town are changing little by little. I've been going out more and interacting more. I feel like I'm slowly becoming more connected to the people around me.
Is ...... here because of me?
Yes, I think so. Since Ray's arrival, the people of the town have changed. For the better, of course.
I was very happy to hear that.
I was helping someone.
The fact that I was helping someone couldn't stop me from being happy.
"You look happy, Ray.
"Yes. Yeah, your cheeks are loose.
My cheeks?
Yeah, you see...
Siona's fingertips brush my cheek.
Siona's fingertips brush my cheeks, and I feel a warmth in my chest again.
My face is kind of hot.
Rei, are you embarrassed?　Haha.
My face gets even hotter.
It seems that Siona has hit the nail on the head.
So, Rei, shall we begin?
Yeah, are you ready?
Ready when you are.
Siona slowly closes her eyes.
I wanted to look at her beautiful profile for as long as I could.
But as much as I want to listen to her voice, I also want to hear her sing.
So I began to slowly turn the handle of the music box.
The melody is accompanied by Siona's singing voice.
The two melodies melted together, creating a beautiful sound that echoed throughout the area.
Soon, people began to gather.
At first, the people looked a little gloomy, but gradually they began to smile again.
Before long, a large circle of smiling faces was spreading in the square.
Town kid A
Town people A
Town people B
Town people C
Person D of the town
The smiles and words of many different people are flying around.
Oh, this is it.
This is what I've been looking for.
People smiling happily.
Every time I see those smiling faces, my joy is amplified.
I was sad that the girl was not in that circle.
The blue girl in the back of the library.
The girl who never comes here.
The girl who is still holed up in that library.
All I could think about was that girl.
Siona's voice brought me back to myself.
I'm sorry, I was just thinking about something.
I'm sorry, I was just thinking.
When I looked around, I saw that the people who had formed such a large circle had dispersed.
I seemed to be lost in thought for a very long time.
What were you thinking about?
"No ......, no ......, no ......."
Guess what?　It's about Tippy, isn't it?"
It was easy for him to see through my mind. I'm not sure what to do.
I'm sure you're right. ...... Yes, I am.
"I knew it. ...... Are you really curious?
"Yes, I do. Yes, I do, because he's still such a little boy.
A little girl. ...... Yeah.
And he's always alone. How can he not be lonely?
But it's always been that way. I'm used to it.
No, I'm not.
You know what Siona said? Siona told me that the town has changed since I arrived.
Yeah, I guess so. ......
I want Tippi to change, too. I don't want him to be lonely.
I said, as if I was returning what Siona had taught me.
I'm not sure what to say, but I'm sure you'll understand.
I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one who has a problem with this.
"Rei, shall we go home?"
It's going to rain from noon today. It's going to rain from noon onward. Let's go home. ......?　I'll make you some fluffy white soup.
With Siona's hand in mine, I was forced to leave the square.
It was a few hours later.
A few hours later, I was about to leave the house when Siona stopped me again.
I wanted to read a book. ......
I have some of the books that my brother used to read.
I have some of the books my brother used to read. - No, not the ...... kind, the kind you probably don't have here.
What genre is it?
It's a book about machines. I've been interested in them since I fixed Mud's the other day.
Oh, I see. I'm glad you're interested in something.
Yeah, thanks. So I'm going to the library.
Does it have to be today?
Yeah, the sooner the better. I want to read it as soon as possible.
But it's going to rain.
I don't care about the weather. I'll go in the rain.
But you don't want your book to get wet, do you?
Don't worry, I'll bring a bag.
Hmm. I'll go to ...... and borrow it for you.
What?　No, that's okay. I'll go myself.
No, that's okay. No, that's all right, I'll go there myself. I've just got some shopping to do.
After saying that, Siona went back to her room.
I wonder why.
I feel like she's trying to keep me away from the library.
No, no.
I think it would be more accurate to say that she's trying to keep me away from Tippi.
I don't know what she means by that, but it seems that she doesn't want me to see her.
Siona said it calmly, but I could feel her feelings.
But why on earth would she do that?
I'm ready, Ray. What books do you want me to borrow?
"You probably won't understand, so I'll come with you.
No, it's okay. You take your time.
I want you to go to ...... and check out a book on electronic circuits.
Electronic circuits. Okay. Okay, I'll be back.
Siona went out.
She waited for several minutes.
It was time for her to go out of sight.
I put my hand on the door that leads outside.
Something was wrong with .......
It's not locked.
I'm not sure what to make of it.
It's as if it's been bolted from the outside.
--I'm not sure if that's true or not.
When Siona left, she locked the door from the outside so that I wouldn't notice.
That's why I can't get out through this door.
--But why?
--What for?
I went back to the living room with my head in my hands.
I looked at the table, and before I knew it, there was a piece of paper on it.
It was a leftover letter from Siona.
Dear Ray
I'm sure you were surprised to find the door locked.
Do you remember I told you about the attack on the nearby town?
So I'm going to lock the door as a precaution.
Please take care of the house, will you?
I've prepared some soup and bread for you to eat.
Please heat them up and eat them.
And never go outside.
That young man who died also told me about a ningen who repeatedly looted.
Perhaps that ningen is in our vicinity.
If that's the case, it's dangerous to go outside.
Oh well. Siona was worried about me.
But then, it would be dangerous for her to go out.
In fact, as a man, I should have been the one to go shopping, shouldn't I?
You can't cheat .......
It is true that there are people who loot.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
In fact, if the door is locked from the outside, it can be unlocked from the outside.
Entry into the house would be easy.
--That's strange.
If they were really on the lookout for looting ninggens, they wouldn't have sung in the square yesterday.
They would not have taken the trouble to gather people.
If that were the case, why?
--There's only one possible explanation.
He locked me up.
To keep me away from Tippi.
There's no way Siona would do something like this without thinking.
There's always a reason.
I'm sure she's doing this for me, and I'm sure she's doing it for you.
I'm sure you'll be able to find something that will help you. ...... I wonder if something happened to Tippi?
I'm sure he's trying not to let me know about it.
It's not good for me. ...... I don't want him to be sad when he finds out about it. ......
I couldn't stand it any longer.
I want to see Tippi. I want to make sure.
I'm not sure what to make of it.
I wanted to wipe away her tears.
I look around the church.
There was a window very high up.
Even if I could climb up, there was no guarantee that I would be able to get out and climb down.
But it was the only way out of here.
Suddenly, I saw a white cloth.
A curtain swaying in the wind.
There are many of them in the room, and they seem long and strong enough to cover the large windows.
I remove the curtains from all the windows.
There is no sign of sunlight coming down from the dark clouds in the sky.
I tie the five curtains together on the table, and they are quite long.
Long enough for me to walk down to the first floor.
I tied the ends of the curtains to the bars of the window.
I wrapped it around several times to make sure it was strong enough.
It's okay.
It should be able to support the weight of one person.
I tie the other end of the curtain to myself.
I leaned out of the window with determination.
The ground looks so far away from there.
I feel a little faint, but I can't pull away from here.
Grasping the curtain, I lowered my body little by little.
On the way, I felt a strong wind shaking me.
It was all I could do to hold on to the curtain as my body went through a pendulum motion.
I waited for a few minutes until the wind stopped.
I took a deep breath and resumed the process of lowering my body.
It probably took about ten minutes for my feet to finally reach the ground.
My body was so exhausted that I felt like I was going to fall on my butt right there.
But there was no time to rest here.
I started to walk towards the library where the blue girl was waiting for me.
As if to interrupt my thoughts, the rain begins to fall quietly.
As if to moisten the thirsty town, the rain gradually increases in intensity.
I don't have an umbrella, so I don't mind getting wet as I continue to walk.
My wet clothes clung to my bare skin, making me feel uncomfortable.
Covering my right hand with a glove, I braved the rain.
Puddles began to form under my feet, and I began to hear distant thunder.
My ragged breathing occasionally brought rainwater to my mouth.
The cold rain beating down on me from the outside against the heat of my body.
I finally arrived at the place where the blue girl was waiting alone.
I finally arrived at the library where the blue girl was waiting alone.
It was dark inside, and no light was leaking out.
I wondered if she would be buried alone in that dark sea of books again.
Just thinking about it made my heart ache.
I entered the entrance and proceeded to the depths where the blue girl was waiting.
You've come to ......."
A voice came from the back.
It was not Tippi's.
It was the one who had been keeping me away from here.
I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I'm not the only one.　Are you sure you didn't see it?
No, I did.
Yes, ....... So you knew I was coming. Ray is a bad boy."
You can hear Siona's laughter.
You can't see the expression on her face in the dim light of the museum.
Why did you lock me in?
I didn't lock you up. ....... But that's how it turned out, right? I'm sorry.
You have a reason, don't you?　Would you like to tell me?
...... reason?　The reason is simple. I don't want you to see me.
You don't want me to meet ......?
To the blue girl down the street.
Tippy?　Why?
I can't tell you that. It's top secret.
Wait, I don't understand what you're saying. Why can't I see Tippy?
Because you can't .......
That's not a good reason!　Tell me why.
I can't give you a reason.
I can't tell you why.
At the same time, I noticed that my chest was getting red and hot.
I wondered if this was anger.
I'm feeling angry with Siona. ......?
I don't mean to be. I just want her to tell me the truth.
But what I said earlier seemed to upset her.
You can't see her face clearly because of the darkness, but the mood she was giving off changed.
The air was filled with hesitation, as if she was trying to say something.
She opened her mouth a little and tried to say something, but ...... kept her mouth shut.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
It's ...... because it makes you unhappy.
"Unhappy?　Who?"
...... Ray, me, ...... everyone who lives in this town.
The people of this town?　Because of our meeting?　I don't know what you're talking about.
You're right, you don't know now. But you'll regret it.
Why would I regret it?　Come on, Siona, just tell me. I'm not smart enough to know. If you don't tell me clearly, ......
That's what I'm talking about. ......
The sound of boots.
The next thing I know, I feel her approaching me through the dimly lit entrance.
The next thing I felt was warmth.
And softness.
I'm not sure what to do.
"Siona ...... what?　What's ...... that?"
Please, Rei ......, will you come home with me?
Please, Rei.　What do you mean?
"It's a very bad idea for Ray and Tippy to meet. To be precise, meeting them is a chain reaction of bad things happening. That's why ......"
"Maybe I made Tippy angry?　Is that why you don't want to see me or something?
No, the opposite. Tippy loves Ray.
If that's the case...
I can't see you. Please understand."
Siona's arm around my waist was strong.
The sweet scent enveloped my entire body, making my head spin.
...... Is that what you wish for, Siona?
"Yes, it is. It's my heart's desire.
How would Siona feel if I met Tippi?
I would be very, very sad. I'd be blue and prickly.
Why?　Why would she feel that way?
She pulled her face away from mine and looked up at me with ...... her eyes.
I'm not sure what to say.
It's because I like you, Ray .......
I'm not sure what to say.
I almost stopped thinking when I heard those words.
I'm not sure what to do.
I'm not sure what to do.
A hand around my waist.
Body heat touching me.
We were as close as I could get.
And now, the words.
It's just two letters joined together, but it's filled with deep emotion.
These words filled my heart with great energy.
I felt an unprecedented sense of joy.
To be needed by someone. To be needed by someone, to have more than a certain amount of feelings for a certain person.
I have never known a greater joy.
And now, I'm about to get that joy.
I put my arms, which had been relaxed, around Siona's back.
Siona accepts it.
A warmth grows in my heart.
"Siona, I'm ......."
"Yes, Rei. I know. So let's go home. ......
Siona's hand connected with mine.
I snapped back and moved my feet to the exit of the library.
"Thanks for the ......, Ray. But this is good. It's for Ray's sake.
I felt uncomfortable with Siona's words.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
You just said this, didn't you? You just said that you were doing it for me.
"Yes, that's exactly what I said.
No, Siona.
No?　What's the difference, Ray?
If you said it was for me, this is different.
No, it's not. I'm doing this for you, Ray.
No, it's not. No, because I'm happy to be useful. That's why I'm here, to help people. But now I'm going to disappear in front of the people who can help me. It's not my pleasure, and it's not for me. Then who is it that you are doing this for?
"Siona, I'm going to Tippi's. It's not for anyone else, but for myself. If this makes someone else unhappy, it's my fault. But I'm not going to stop even if it does. Because that's the result I wanted."
Letting go of Siona's hand, I pushed forward through the entrance again.
Siona's voice doesn't reach my back.
She just stared at me with a sad expression on her face, not saying a word.
I walked through the rain-scented entrance to the back of the library.
I could feel the moisture on the soles of my shoes being absorbed into the carpet as I walked.
The thirsty air of the library clung to my wet skin.
I continued to feel uncomfortable.
Perhaps it had something to do with what had happened with Siona, whom I had just left.
My heart ached and I felt as if I had swallowed something heavy.
Siona's face came to my mind again and again.
All of them had a sad smile on their faces.
Why did I let this happen?
Why did I do this to her?
A wave of regret washed over me.
But I couldn't let my feet rest.
--In the back of this room, there's that girl.
The girl who is always alone.
The girl who is always blue.
The girl who always cries.
I couldn't let her be alone.
That's why I'm walking down this hallway.
On the wall of the corridor, there was a picture.
The pictures that Tippi writes one a day.
On a brand new piece of paper, there was a drawing of a girl.
I knew immediately who the girl was.
On a large piece of paper, there was a small drawing of a girl.
There were tears running down her cheeks.
All of my recent paintings have had the same composition.
A picture of a lone girl crying.
When I look at that picture, my heart hurts terribly.
The girl has been alone for a long time.
I felt that I could understand her sadness.
I can't wait to get rid of that sadness.
I wanted to show her that she wasn't alone.
I wanted to tell you that I would be there for you.
Dragging the wet soles of my shoes, I walked down the long hallway.
I walked along the long corridor, dragging the wet soles of my shoes, looking at the pictures on the wall at a height that Tippi could reach.
At that moment, I suddenly felt uncomfortable.
It wasn't because of the content of the pictures.
The problem was the number of pictures.
No matter how you look at it, Tippi is a young girl.
If she drew pictures every day, would she really be able to write such a large number of pictures?
...... Maybe there were days when she wrote several pictures a day.
Even so, this number of pictures is impossible.
I wonder if the girl was that lonely.
Did she have nothing to do but paint?
I wondered why I had left her alone.
How many tears did I make her shed because of that?
The girl in the picture was crying more and more with each passing day.
It seemed to indicate that the girl's grief was getting deeper and deeper.
I hurried on.
I hurried to the girl who was probably crying alone in the back of the room.
To heal her sorrow.
And to wipe away her tears.
The girl. To embrace the body with my hands.
I walked so fast that I could barely breathe, and headed for the innermost part of the library.
There was no sign of the girl there, where she was always supposed to be.
Her stuffed bear, which she carries around with her at all times, was not there either.
All that was there was a drawing and crayons.
In the drawing, there was a girl crying all alone.
--I wondered where Tippy had gone.
I searched the bookshelves around me, but I couldn't find her.
Is she somewhere in this library?
Or is he outside this library?
I don't know the truth.
I'd have to look for Tippi to find out.
I started walking.
I wove my way through the bookshelves, looking for the blue girl.
The vastness of the library was not conducive to searching for people.
Besides, it was dark.
It was impossible to find her just by looking at the edge of the bookshelves.
I would have to go step by step and see for myself.
I walked between the bookshelves from the back of the library to the entrance.
At some point, my clothes, which had been wet, began to dry.
My hair had also dried.
Finally, I was able to find the girl.
She was standing on a large stepladder, arranging the books on the shelves.
She is a resident of this library and also serves as the librarian.
She must be returning the books returned by the townspeople to their original places.
It's a tough job for this little girl.
The thousands of bookshelves in this library are stacked and stacked high, reaching the ceiling.
I don't even want to think about the number of books in the library.
The girl must be facing such a large number of books and managing them every day like this.
All by herself, in this library.
When I thought about it, I couldn't help but feel a tightening in the back of my chest.
Tippi stretched out on a stepladder and put a book that was bigger than her face back on the shelf.
After finishing the task, Tippy exhaled and turned her face towards me.
"...... Ray!　I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.
I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one.
I'm not sure what to do.
I'm not sure what to do.
I'm not sure what to do with it.
In response, I reached out with both hands.
--The shock went through my chest and down my back.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
You're here, Ray ......!
Tippi was rubbing her cheek against my chest over and over again.
To my relief, I stroked Tippi's head.
The soft hair welcomed my hand.
"Tippy, are you in pain?　Are you hurt?"
Yes, I'm fine. Do you feel any pain, Ray?
I'm fine. Thank you for worrying about me.
I love ...... Ray for saving Tippy. ......
The little girl's hands gripped my clothes.
I felt a little wetness and warmth in my chest.
I'm not sure what to do.
But they seemed to be different tears than usual.
They must be tears of peace.
My presence must have been able to lighten Tippi's heart a little.
I felt a rush of joy at the thought.
"Tippi, I was arranging the books. Isn't that great?　Isn't that great?
"Yeah, he's good. He's a very good boy.
Come on, pet him. Stroking Tippy's head. He's a good boy.
Yeah. ...... Tippy is a good boy, a good boy. ......
I stroke his silky hair.
I stroked her silky hair. "Yay, ....... Ray is stroking my head. Tippy, I'm so happy. ......
Do you always have books on the shelf?
Yeah. Yes, I keep a collection of books. I want a lot of people to read them.
I looked up at the bookshelf.
I looked up at the bookshelf and saw that some of the books were quite old.
Some of the spines were worn and some were discolored.
I wonder if Tippi is repairing them .......
I can't help but think of the times I've gotten my books wet in the rain.
If I handle them roughly, I end up creating more work for Tippi.
I promised myself that I would take good care of it.
I raised my body and rested my back on a nearby bookshelf.
I'm sorry I'm late.
It's okay. ...... I'm glad you're here, Ray.
Were you okay being alone?
No. ...... I was very, very lonely.
Were you crying?
Yeah. ...... Yeah, yeah. ......
Tippy pressed her face against my chest.
I could hear her sobbing now and then.
It's okay. We'll be together forever.
"Always?　Ray, are you going to stay with Tippi?
Yes, I will. I'll try to come to the library as often as I can.
Can't you stay with us?
Tippi looked up at me.
Tippi looked up at him, her eyes filled with tears.
It's a little difficult. I'm in the care of Siona now.
But I'll be here every day. You won't be lonely then, will you?
Yes, ......, but I miss you a lot at night.
"Night, or ......
It's dark and it's quiet and it's ...... tippy, and sometimes I think I'm all alone in the world.
That's not true. That's not true. ......
The only thing I could do was to hug Tippi.
I'm not sure what to do.
It's not the same as Siona's, but it smells sweet.
I'm not sure what to say, but I'm sure you'll understand. I'm not sure what to do. Can I ask you a favor?
"Yes, what?　Tippy.
Can you help me?
Yes. ...... Of course, it's no problem.
I stood up and held hands with Tippy.
I got up and walked hand in hand with Tippy, pushing a cart with some books and paraded through the library.
The next one is ......, and it's called Philosophy of Mind and Body.
The next one is . It's called 'Philosophy of Mind and Body.
When I told him the title of the book, Tippi said the location without pause.
It was as if she knew all the books in this library.
There was indeed a gap of a book's length at the exact spot where he had told me.
I put it in, and it fit perfectly.
Tippi wasn't just saying this randomly.
He was indicating the location of the book with certainty.
I was curious, so I decided to ask her a slightly nasty question.
"Hey Tippy, can I ask you something?
"Do you remember the beginning of this novel?"
He held out a very old-fashioned novel.
Tippi stared at the title and began to read as if she had a book open in her head.
'I looked down and saw that it was five stories high. There were cream-colored bricks paved right next to the school building, creating a walkway that looked like it would be nice to stroll along. There was a flower bed right beside the walkway, and even from this height, I could see the colorful flowers.　If I were to throw myself from here, would all the creams and flowers be stained with my dirty blood?"
Word for word, without a doubt, Tippy read out.
It matched the handwriting in the novel perfectly.
Do you remember all the books in here?
Hmmm... ...... I don't know.
Well, what about this book?
Tippi took one look at the book and recited it fluently.
There are about 206 bones that make up the human body, starting from the head, occipital bone, frontal bone, temporal bone, parietal bone, sphenoid bone, ethmoid bone, hammer bone, incus bone, stirrup bone, inferior turbinate, lacrimal bone, nasal bone, plough bone, maxillary bone, palatine bone, zygomatic bone, mandibular bone, hyoid bone, and from there to the cervical vertebrae, thoracic vertebrae, lumbar vertebrae, sacral vertebrae, caudal vertebrae, ribs, and sternum.
"...... Then what's this?"
I held out a hand-written book with the words "The Complete Book of Pi" written on it.
"How does this 'Theory of Soulless Children' start?"
"All things are finite, even the soul is not an exception. Even the soul is no exception. Edward Morgue."
Tippi has memorized all of these books.
But why?
Even if he had tremendous memorization skills, he would need to read these books first.
Even if I keep reading them every day, I will never be able to get through this sea of books.
What the heck is going on with this ......?
"Ray, what's wrong?"
No, it's nothing. Nothing. Let's put the next book away.
There was no point in thinking about something that had no answer.
For now, I would concentrate on helping Tippi with her work.
After putting all the books back on the shelf, we sat down in our usual spot.
Thank you, Ray, for helping me.
Tippi was even more sweet to me than usual.
I guess it was a reaction to not being able to see him until now.
I'm not sure if it's a reaction to the fact that I haven't been able to see her before, but it's cute and endearing to see her come to me.
It's okay, Tippy. You're usually on your own, right?"
"Yes, ...... I've been alone for a long time. I'm lonely.
"Since ...... when are you alone?"
Maybe that was a forbidden question.
Tippi looked up at me sadly.
Tippi looked up at me sadly and said, "Since a long time ago, Tippi has been alone.
Then he told me.
He told me the sad story of how he became alone.
"Pah, pah, pah!"
It was when Tippi's parents were still in the library.
The girl loved them.
She loved her kind mother and father.
Her mother was always smiling and laughing, and she hugged Tippy gently.
Her father was always organizing the books and watching the two of them gently.
Tippy is still a spoiled brat, isn't she?
His father takes out an electronic device for books from his desk.
"Oops, that's right. Tippy likes this one better."
With a wry smile, he puts away the electronic device and takes out a paper "book" instead.
The technology of printing had already been discontinued, and now it was a precious cultural relic.
"Tippy, come here."
Tippi's mother calls her to sit on her lap, and she sits down happily.
She sits down happily when her mother calls her to sit on her lap. On her lap is a stuffed bear that her parents picked out for her.
Every day was fun for Tippy.
He enjoyed spending time with his beloved mother and father.
And not a day went by when he didn't feel happy.
Her mother always praised Tippy's drawings.
Tippi's father said, "You'll be an artist in the end. You'll be an artist in the end.
His father was always hopeful about Tippi's future.
He always had hope for Tippi's future.
I wish we could stay together forever.
That's what Tippi always thought.
At some point, the wrinkles between her parents' eyebrows started to appear more often.
Tippi didn't like that expression.
The town was in a state of panic.
All the adults were talking about something or other.
But the young Tippi did not understand what they were talking about.
The only thing she was worried about was the possibility that her normal life would be destroyed.
One day, the phone rang.
The sound sounded very sad to Tippi.
His father answered the phone and started to wrinkle his brow.
It was a look that Tippi did not like.
He put the phone down and talked to his mother about something.
After a while, the conversation turned into an argument.
They were arguing about something.
The only thing I could understand was that it was very sad to see them arguing.
"Tippi, will you listen to me?"
A few moments later, her mother looked at Tippy with a mysterious look on her face.
Behind her was her father - and the luggage that had been packed.
Tippi knew in her gut that the life she had been living was not going to last.
There's a lot going on in the world right now.
Tippi's mother said, "Many people are scared, and they can't sleep. You don't want that, do you, Tippy?"
There are children all over the world who feel this way. She wants to help them if she can.
Yes. ...... I knew you would say that, Tippy. ...... And now, Tippy, I have something important to tell you. You don't have to understand, just listen to me."
In fact, I have to go away to help my mother and father and their children. Even if we go, maybe we won't be able to change the situation ......, but it's a possibility."
No. It's much further away. It's much, much further away. It's so far away that it would take days or even weeks to get there."
Tzipi's father stopped her as she was about to head for her room.
Tippi doesn't need to prepare for the trip.
No, it's not. ...... Actually, Tippy, it's just you and me going to the place.
"The two of you ......?　Tippi is ......?"
The parents looked at each other.
The parents looked at each other sadly, and Tippi felt something.
I'm not sure what to say.
I'm sorry, Tippi, but I can't do that.
"It's a very dangerous place for you to go. I don't want to take TIPY to such a dangerous place. I don't want to take Tippy to such a dangerous place, because she is very important to her mother and father.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
The parents gently hugged Tippy.
I'm sorry, Tippi-chan. ...... But your mother and father still have to go.
"I'm sorry, Tippy. ...... Don't worry, I'll be back soon."
"I'm sure you will ...... soon, don't miss me, I'll be back soon ......"
"Tippy, be a good boy and stay at home. Tippy's father: "Tippy, be a good boy and stay at home, and show us your pictures again.
"Oh, yes. We'll draw a picture every day. We will draw a picture every day of what Tippi sees, hears, knows and feels. When we come back, you can tell us about it."
"Yes, I will. I'll write a book with many stories from my travels. I'll come back to tell them to Tippi."
"Oh, absolutely, absolutely, absolutely. I promise, so ......"
The three family members hugged each other.
The three family members hugged each other in order to heal the separation, which would last for who knows how long.
How much time had passed since then?
Tippi continued to paint as her father had told her to.
As he drew each picture, he put it on the wall. He wanted his parents to be able to see it when they came home.
You can see what I saw at .......
What I heard, I put on .......
Send what you know to .......
You can find what you feel at .......
But eventually, it was filled with thoughts of my parents.
I want them to hug me, pat me on the head, call me by my name, and I can't wait to ...... see them. ......
Her heart turns blue and blue.
The girl continued to paint ...... with tears streaming down her face.
Tippy told me about her sad past, shedding blue grains of sadness.
Her small shoulders quivered fragilely.
A girl in grief in front of me.
I don't know how much sorrow she is feeling.
Maybe it's because I've never felt that much sadness before.
That's why I can't understand Tippi's feelings.
But I can try to soothe her grief.
By hugging her small body.
Surely.
Tippi sits with her back against the wall.
I reach out my hand to her slender body.
When I touch her shoulder, Tippi's body jumps a little.
It's not rejection.
He was just a little startled by the sudden action in the dark.
It's okay, Tippy. I'm fine."
"Hey, is Ray going to disappear from Tippi?
No, he won't disappear.
Will you leave him alone?
No, I won't leave him alone.
"Will you ever make him lonely?"
No, he won't be lonely.
"Will I make him sad?"
No, I won't make him sad.
"Will you take care of him?"
Yeah, he'll love you.
Will you hug Tippy for me?
Yeah, I'll hug him.
Can you hold Tippy for me?
Yeah, I'll hold him.
Can you stroke Tippy's head?
Yeah, I'll stroke it.
Can you hold hands with Tippy?
Yes, I'll hold your hand.
Will you stay with Tippy?
Tippi's eyes glowed in the dark.
The shoulder that I touched had a body heat that was too hot.
I hugged Tippi's body to me.
I'm not sure what to say.
The voice that echoed in the darkness was not that of a girl who was just now trying to heal her grief.
It belonged to Siona, whom I had left at the entrance.
I found myself standing beside her.
She was smiling at us, a smile that could be seen even in the dim light, and she approached us straight away.
But there's a problem with being too close, you know. They are men and women at their age.
She stopped my hand from reaching out to Tippi.
"No, ...... no, ......."
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
I'm not sure what to do.
What are you doing, Siona?
What's wrong with you?　What's the matter? You have to think about skin-to-skin contact with children of your age.
No, I'm not. Tippi is sad. ...... I'm trying to help her with her sadness.
Grieving?　Sad about what?
He's sad about his parents who haven't come home yet!　Tippi has been all alone for a long time, you know. He's been so lonely for so long!
That's the way it is. That's the way it has to be.
"It is what it is.　What does that mean? ......
Siona walked up to Tippi.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
I'm sorry, Tippy.　I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.　You always have been, and you always will be.
She said in her usual tone with a smile on her face.
"Siona, what are you talking about ......?"
You know what I mean, don't you, Tippy?　You know that your father and mother are not coming back, right?
Siona, please don't ...... say such horrible things.
You know it's true, don't you?　You just don't want to admit it."
...... No, ...... No, ...... No, ......
"Tippy's father and mother are both ......
"......Siona......, stop......
I want to die.
No, no, no, no, no!
The voices echoed through the library.
My whole body was burning.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
My clenched teeth were chattering and chattering.
My eyes flashed before my eyes, and I could barely stand.
At the same time, I was convinced.
The inside of my chest was red and prickly. This was the emotion that Mad had always had.
This is an emotion called "anger".
I am angry at the unreasonable things that are happening in front of my eyes.
Now, the blue girl's hope has been cut off.
Tippi was hurt by the words of the heartless Siona.
Tippi is crying in a voiceless voice.
Her face is mangled.
She turned her grief into large drops and poured them down her cheeks.
Her young body was trying hard to tell the story of her bottomless sorrow.
Siona pushed her even harder.
I'm sure you're right. How long do you think it's been since Tippi's mother and father came home?
Tzipi, you draw pictures every day, don't you?　How many pictures have you drawn?
Stop. ......
Doesn't it make you sad that you draw every day?　How many more pictures do you think you have to draw before your mother and father will come back?
Stop. ......
It doesn't matter how much you cry. No matter how much you cry, it's useless, because tears only flow to comfort yourself. It doesn't change anything.
...... Stop it, .......
That's just self-satisfaction. You are only crying because someone will be kind to you if you shed a tear. It's just a way to escape from reality.
"Stop ...... crying, stop ...... crying, stop ...... crying, stop ...... crying.
You've got to realize that. Your father and mother are not coming back. Never again. You're never going to see your mother or father again, Tippy.
And let me tell you something. And let me tell you, Ray is only here out of pity for Tippi. There is no love that your father and mother had for Tippi. It's only pity that keeps her here. Do you understand, Tippi?　You'll always be alone."
"Stop it. ------"
An angry voice echoed through the room.
When the voice stopped echoing off the walls, only Tippy's sobbing voice remained.
I'm not sure what to make of it.
I felt that the light that had been there a while ago was gone.
It's not the same thing as pampering and comforting.
That's not true. ...... That's not true. ......
Ray, you have to accept the reality. Tippi's parents are no longer with us.
No. ...... That's not true. ......
Then why haven't you heard from them?　Why is there not a single letter to Tippy, the girl I loved so much?
I'm sure he's ...... too busy to contact you.
I'm sure he's too busy to contact you. I'd spare you the time if I knew you were worried about him. If you know they are worried about you, you will spare no time, especially if you love them. If you don't, that means you don't--"
Stop it. ...... Stop it. ......
Tippy's mother and father are already dead.
I froze.
I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure I'm not the only one.
I was unable to continue with my words due to the unusual atmosphere.
I'm not sure what to say, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
I'm not sure what to say. But they are not coming back. So no matter how much time you spend with someone, you will never be truly fulfilled. Even if Ray is with you, you will never be a family. That's a fact that can't be changed. You'll always be alone."
Siona snapped back and headed for the entrance.
On the way, she looked back at me only once.
The only thing she did not do was look at the floor.
"Ray ......, it's all for you."
That's all she said, and left the library.
The library was silent.
I'm not sure what to make of it.
I was furious and deflated by Siona's words and actions.
I can't even stand up.
But I couldn't leave the girl alone like this.
She must be thinking.
I'm all alone in the world.
She will think that she is alone in the world, that she has to live in solitude.
I didn't want her to think that.
I wanted him to know that he was not alone.
My feelings for Tippi were not pity.
It was never pity.
I ruminate over and over again.
I ruminate over and over again, as if I'm telling myself something.
I reach out my hand to Tippi's shoulder.
I hug her slender shoulders.
At first, Tippi jumps as if startled, but then she settles against my chest.
She presses her face to my chest and cries in a hushed voice.
I stroked her trembling shoulder again and again.
If only I could relieve some of the sorrow that this small body holds, .......
I don't know how long I've been doing that.
We sat there, cuddling each other.
After a while, we lost track of time.
Tippy wobbled up and walked off as if she was looking for something.
Tippi did not respond.
A sketchbook and crayons.
Tippy comes back to me with those two things.
She sits down, resting her back on her stomach.
Tippi doesn't respond again.
Instead, she flips through her drawing paper.
A brand new page is on the canvas, and Tippi holds a crayon in her hand.
Without hesitation, she runs the crayon across the paper.
The drawings were cute and age-appropriate.
The first drawing was of a blue girl.
On her cheek was a tear mark.
Her eyes are reddish.
I gently stroke Tippi's head.
Lowering her gaze again, Tippi runs her crayon across the drawing paper.
It seems that I am the next one to be drawn.
His hand is on the girl's head.
It looks like he is gently stroking her head.
And then...
It was Siona.
A little farther away, she was looking at the girl with a scared face.
That was Siona to Tippi.
From my point of view, the Siona in front of Tippi would look like a painting.
I wonder why she did what she did.
She had said it was all for me.
She said it was all for me.
I don't know what she meant by that.
No, I didn't want to know.
I don't know what she meant by making Tippi cry for me.
How can I be happy if I make someone else unhappy?
No, there was no way that could happen.
It can't be.
As if to drown out Siona's words that were stuck in my ears, I hugged Tippi.
Her voice is faint and almost disappears.
But deep down, I felt a little bit of joy.
As I looked at the picture, I thought.
I wondered if this was Tippi's way of avoiding sadness.
It is said that people dream at the end of the day.
It is said that people dream at the end of the day in order to organize their memories of what happened that day.
For Tippi, it might be this picture.
The events that happened that day.
He draws pictures of everything that happened that day, including the good and the bad.
By doing so, she may be sorting out her memories and calming her mind.
In fact, Tippi's expression has softened somewhat.
As the painting progresses, the sadness eases.
It is as if he is passing his grief on to the painting.
Tippy stood up and pulled my hand.
As I followed her hand, I found myself at a wall with pictures on it.
He says he draws one picture a day.
The number of pictures was enormous.
Tippi put the picture she had drawn today on the far end of the wall.
Another one of Tippi's drawings was added.
The wall full of pictures felt like a diary showing the loneliness of this girl.
Tippi must have spent all her time alone with this story.
She must have spent a lot of time alone with this sad story on .......
When I thought about it, I felt something deep in my heart.
Looking into those melancholy eyes, I couldn't help but choke on my voice.
Instead of answering, I pulled Tippi into my arms.
After a while, I hear the quiet breathing of sleep.
I compare the picture diary on the wall with Tippi sleeping in my arms.
I wonder if this picture book could be Tippi's heart itself.
I drift off to sleep, thinking about such things.
This is the church where I live.
I'm standing in front of a large, familiar white door.
I push the door open with both hands.
Inside, the chapel is filled with an amazing silence.
--No, it's not complete silence.
I could hear the quiet sobbing in my ears.
I pushed my way through the chapel.
Then I was confronted by this sobbing person.
It was Siona, a person who never stopped smiling.
It was Siona.
She was crying, her slim shoulders shaking.
I couldn't hide my surprise at that.
--Why is she crying?
I didn't know the reason.
I didn't know why, but I knew for a fact that Siona was crying in front of me.
Her tears were not fake.
I'm not sure what to do.
...... No, that's not true.
I'm sure there is something I can do to help.
I reached out my hand.
I'm not sure what to do.
It is not possible for me to stop the tears.
But I can wipe away the tears that flowed.
That's all I can do, but...
I reached out my fingertips to the large drop.
In the middle of it, my hand stopped.
My fingertips are made of machines.
My outstretched index finger has a luster that is unique to metal. ......
I was right.
I had forgotten.
No, I wanted to forget.
I'm not a ningen.
I'm a created being.
I don't know why.
Am I not even allowed to wipe away the tears of those I love?
Siona is crying.
She continues to shed tears.
I wonder if it's a sadness that she has never shown before.
But I can't stop the tears from flowing, and I can't wipe them away.
If that's the case, why am I here?
What can I do for Siona if I stay here?
I couldn't find the answer.
I couldn't move my outstretched mechanical hand any further. ......
--Immediately after, a cacophony of metal rubbing against metal echoed through the area.
The deafening sound echoed intermittently.
Then, my outstretched fingertips -- the part collapsed and fell to the floor.
The part crumbled and fell to the floor.
The disintegration that began with my fingertips increased in scope to my palms, wrists, arms, and shoulders.
All the parts of my body were falling apart.
Eventually, it became difficult for me to even stand there, and I fell to the floor.
My legs, my torso, were being turned into scrap.
Scrap metal was piling up all around me.
I couldn't speak, and there was nothing I could do but accept the collapse.
Siona is crying all the time.
She's crying out loud.
She can't even reach out to the machine anymore.
Not even her arms or fingertips are there anymore.
The disintegration consumes the entire body, even reaching the head.
I don't feel any pain.
You can't feel it.
But .......
I felt a pain deep in my chest that should have been gone by now.
The last thing I saw as my vision crumbled was Siona's sad expression and tears.
Eventually, I was nothing but a pile of metal.
I became a pile of scrap.
--That's when I woke up.
I was shouting some words, but I don't remember.
My breathing is ragged.
I hurriedly check the area.
The space is dimly lit and dusty.
The air is warm and clammy.
And thick books lined up on the shelves.
This was a library.
It seemed that I had fallen asleep last night and was now in the morning.
I hurriedly took off my gloves and checked my right hand.
The thing that should have fallen apart a moment ago was still there.
But just like in my dream, it was made of a machine.
On my lap, before I knew it, Tippi was breathing in her sleep.
His innocent sleeping face showed no sign of yesterday's sorrow.
It seems I've been dreaming, as they say in Japan.
When I'm in sleep mode, I sometimes catch a glimpse of my past records in order to organize my memory space.
But now, it would be a kind of prediction that comes from experience and memory.
Does this mean that these possibilities have been calculated to be hidden in the future ......?
If so, how sad it is.
I hadn't yet been able to calm the churning in the back of my mind.
How could Siona's tears make me so upset?
And why am I so helpless?
I'm not real.
I knew that.
I thought I knew that.
But I still want to make people laugh.
I want to make Siona, Tippi, and all the people in the town laugh.
But I can't do it.
I know the answer, but I don't want to admit it.
--It's because I'm a creature.
It's the one truth that I can't resist.
But still, I wanted to.
I wanted to make everyone around me smile.
But I can't make that happen.
Whenever I tried to make Tippi smile, Siona wouldn't smile at me.
When I try to make her smile, I can't wipe away Tippi's tears.
How hard can it be?
I wondered if there was a better way to make everyone smile.
As I looked at Tippi's sad sleeping face, I ruminated over and over in the back of my mind.
I stroked Tippi's head with my fingertips.
Her hair is so smooth that I can run my fingertips through it without it sticking to me.
A sweet scent spreads through the air.
"Mmmm ...... mmmm ......"
I wondered if I was dreaming, but Tippi let out a small cry.
I felt a strong urge to protect her from her young face.
But how?
Looking at the machine's right hand and Tippi's face alternately, I was at a loss.
I had hoped that this kind of gentle time would continue forever.
--But it didn't work out that way.
From a distance, I heard a strange sound.
It sounded like the footsteps of several people walking at the exact same time.
Then I heard a faint scream and the sound of something being broken.
These two things destroy even my small hopes.
I hurriedly put a glove on my right hand.
I'm not sure if this is a good idea, but it's a good idea.
The abnormality woke up Tippi.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
I don't know, ......, but something seems to have happened.
What do you mean something?　What's something?
I have no idea. I have no idea, but I'm pretty sure it's not good.
I stand up and tiptoe down the aisle of the library.
"...... Ray?　Where are you going?
I'm going to have a look around.
No. ...... Don't go, Ray.
"Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere. I'm just going to check on you on the roof for a while."
"Oh no ...... oh no ......."
Tippi hugged him and shed tears.
I'm not going anywhere.
It's okay. I'm not sure what to say.
"And ...... and ......."
Have I ever broken a promise to Tippy?
Yes, I have. Whenever I said I was going to see him, I always did, didn't I?
So don't worry. Watch from the rooftop. I'll be right back.
...... Okay. But you have to come back soon.
Yes, of course.
I made a promise to Tippy and headed for the roof of the library.
I climbed the long spiral staircase and arrived in front of an old rusty door.
There was no sign of having been used for a long time.
When I opened it, I heard an unpleasant scraping sound in my ears.
I pushed the door open, unconcerned.
It was the same time as .......
A strange thing jumped out at me.
Black smoke was rising from all over the town.
It's not that you've misheard the screams, it's that they're coming from the mouths of people running away from something.
And chasing the people of the town were several figures in dirty cloaks.
They just walked quietly with their firearms at the ready - and yet, with their lean coordination, they surely cornered the fleeing people.
It was as if everything had been calculated.
The townspeople trapped against the wall and the attackers are exchanging some words.
The assailants looked at each other and nodded, and then put their muzzle to the head of the townspeople.
Then, without showing the slightest hesitation, he pulled his finger on the trigger.
In the event that you have any questions regarding where and the best way to get in touch with us, you can contact us at .......
The sound brought me back to myself and I understood the situation.
It's hard to believe, but ...... this town seems to have been attacked.
What Siona said was true,.......
I rushed back to the lobby.
It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.　You look very scary.
"I don't know ...... what's going on, but something ...... bad is happening ......."
I couldn't tell Tippi exactly what I saw, so I slurred my words.
"Something bad?　What do you mean?
I think ...... this town is being attacked.
No. ...... Tippy, it's scary. ......
Don't worry, it's far away from the town. I think we're still safe here.
...... Yeah, ......, but what are we going to do?
I'm ......, I'm going to see what's going on.
I was worried about the town, but more importantly I was worried about Siona.
I was worried about the town, but I was more worried about Siona, the ningen who had helped me after what had happened yesterday.
I've never even heard of the reason why Siona, who is so kind to everyone, is so bitter towards Tippi.
I'm not sure what she meant when she said it was for my sake.
No, don't go ...... please ...... ray .......
It's okay, Tippy. I'll come back for you.
Are you sure?　Are you sure?
Yeah, of course I will. Just give me a little time, okay?
I'll wait for you, Tippy, if you come back.
Tippi hugged the stuffed bear tightly.
But even so, you can't shake the anxiety from her face.
I wonder if I can't do anything to help this girl's sadness and anxiety.
With such a gloomy feeling in my heart, I left the library.
On my way to the town, I decided to take the back roads as much as possible.
Obviously, what was going on in the town was not good.
If I were to be found, there was a risk that I would be harmed in some way.
I try to kill my footsteps as much as possible and head for the square.
If possible, I would have liked to get there before the line, but it was not going to happen as I had to take many detours.
The closer we got to the center of town, the more broken buildings we could see.
The closer we got to the center of town, the more broken buildings we saw, but they were all buildings that didn't seem to be broken until yesterday.
I wondered if they had been destroyed by the strangers who had been chasing the people around the town.
A cloud of dust drifted over the town that had been so beautiful yesterday.
Why is it necessary to destroy the buildings of this peaceful town?
I just can't get over it.
As the screams and noises of demolition become stronger, I arrive at the truth.
--It was a horrible scene in the square.
Several men were chasing and grabbing the townspeople.
At gunpoint, they were using unreasonable violence as a shield to chase men, women, and even children away.
The captured townspeople were made to sit in the middle of the square.
Crying children. Children crying, voices inarticulate.
The armed men seemed to be cool with such voices.
Well, maybe cool is the wrong word.
They looked like they were not interested in anything, like they were taking a glance at a stone on the street.
There was no sign of Siona within sight. Is it safe to assume that she hasn't been captured yet? ......
What is the situation?
The majority of the inhabitants have been captured. The rest will be a matter of time.
I overheard two men talking to each other nearby.
I slowly approached them and listened so as not to be noticed.
How's the water and food?
The water was well stocked. We found an underground source of water.
Well, the harvest has exceeded our expectations.
Yeah, we could settle down here.
I was convinced.
I was convinced that these men were the ningen who were raiding the town and stealing the water and food.
I couldn't forgive them for their unreasonableness.
They were hurting innocent people just for the sake of looting.
But there was nothing more I could do.
I couldn't even jump out of that place.
I knew better than anyone that I was powerless.
But how did you find such a small town?
There was a slave man who escaped the other day, wasn't there?
I believe he was advocating coexistence with the phylloids. ......
Yeah. He was a foolish man, trapped in old-fashioned thinking. Coexistence and harmony with phylloids, too useless a thought in this world.
Coexistence and harmony: .......
These words made me think of a young man.
I rescued him, brought him to this town,......, and he breathed his last words.
I'm not sure what to make of that.
I'm not sure what to make of that.
"Yes, they were. I was chasing them to bring them back, and they came in handy in an unexpected way."
One of the men continued in an inarticulate voice.
One of the men continued in an inarticulate voice, "A ningen appeared to help the man, and he led the way to the town.
Hearing these words, I felt my back grow cold.
Why hadn't I thought of the cause of that young man's injury at that time?
I thought I had heard from Siona that there was a group of people looting .......
If I had paid more attention to my surroundings on my way back to town, I might have avoided being followed.
I regretted that I had taken the easy way out on a momentary impulse.
The person who caused this attack was ...... Boku.
I've finished rounding up all the major players in town. There are no rebels.
I see. Then weed out the ones who are orally fed and incapable of production and control. The factor that reduces productivity is--"
The man who had been debriefing me pulled a gun out of his pocket as he said this.
"Get rid of them."
Stop it!"
As soon as I understood the meaning of his words, I screamed.
But I couldn't help but scream at the natives who so casually called out the townspeople who had taken care of them.
So, the men in the room turned around.
Then I saw their eyes.
"Secure it!"
With that voice, they rushed towards me.
I panicked and started to run.
But my body couldn't keep up with my feelings.
I couldn't get my legs to turn properly, and ended up losing my balance as I ran away.
Immediately, the men close in behind me.
Their movements were as precise as a machine.
This is not good, I'm going to get caught.
I took a chance and ran into the alleyway.
The alleyway was muddy and slippery from the rain.
My feet were trapped, but I kept running.
Occasionally, I knock over a piece of wood on the wall to slow down the men.
But that's not enough to slow them down.
I realized that the men were closing in right behind me.
Will I be able to escape like this ......?
I was aiming for the library.
If I could escape to the library, they would know that Tippi was there.
I'm not sure what to do.
I changed the direction of my toes.
I ran to the back door of the closest building.
Coincidentally, it was Mud's general store.
I looked for a place to hide.
What?
I spotted a figure sitting in a chair.
Mr. Mudd didn't answer. He was sitting shallowly in his chair with his arms crossed, just as he had done that day after turning on the projector.
'Mr. Mudd, I know you can hear me!　You've got to be kidding me at a time like this, Mr. Mudd--Mr. Mudd?"
I almost swallowed my scream.
As soon as I touched Mr. Mads shoulder, he - quietly - collapsed from his chair. It was as if he had already lost it.
"What the hell?
I'm not sure what to make of that. But then again, there was no sign of trauma.
I found my target.
Ironically, it was the voice of the men who had been chasing me that brought me to my senses as I was on the verge of panic.
But it was too late.
We have enough labor for now, we'll get rid of it.
Unable to cope, I just jumped away from Mr. Mudd, the men stepped in, and the first man held a gun to my face...
"Ray!"
Immediately, several things happened simultaneously.
A gunshot rang out with a dry sound.
And then a figure slid in front of me as if to protect me.
"Sh--"
It took me a while to grasp the situation.
The person was standing there, shielding me.
I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's worth it.
He looked at me with the same smile he always had.
Then, a few seconds later.
"Sionaaaa!"
I shouted with a completely blank head.
When I saw him, my body started to move unconsciously.
With my mechanical arm hidden under my glove, I hit one of the shelves and knocked it over. That set off a chain of events that knocked over shelves all over the store, spreading fine fragments and even finer dust all around.
At the same time, I picked up a can of food that had fallen on the floor and threw it as hard as I could at the window.
The men reacted to the sound of the window glass breaking.
"He's gone out the window.
I'm going after him.
The men run out of the door, which is still open.
They're gone.
As for me, I was huddled next to the fallen shelves, with half of my body sunk into the impacted floor.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
"Siona, Siona, get a hold of yourself!"
I desperately tried to shake Siona, who had her eyes closed.
She seemed to have fainted.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
I wonder if she was hit by a bullet. But since she is unconscious, she may not be safe.
Anyway, we need to evacuate once.
--The only place near here where I can do that is .......
I took a deep breath and remembered.
I took a deep breath and remembered the girl I had waiting for me in the library.
I went back to the library through the back way so that the ningen would not find me.
With Siona on my back, I was at a considerable disadvantage, but I made my way through the destroyed building over and over again.
During this time, Siona did not move an inch. It was a relief to be able to carry her, but at the same time, it made me more anxious.
If something happened to her, I would have been crushed by fear, but I arrived at the library.
The clouds that covered the sky were darkening the color of the sky.
Finally, I arrived at the library and looked for Tippi.
I wondered if Tippi was safe.
So far, the library has not been vandalized.
There's no sign of anyone coming in.
After passing through the entrance, the library was silent.
Feeling a sense of relief in my heart, I weaved my way through the shelves, looking for Tippi.
But no matter how hard I looked, I couldn't find Tippy.
Could it be...?
As if to get rid of the unpleasant thought, I looked around hard.
Could it be...?
Relying on hope, I headed for the lobby.
I went around the back of the building.
There was Tippi, covering her ears and eyes, trembling a little.
I reach out to touch his small body.
"Tippy, I'm back."
Tippy's shoulders bounce a little.
But when he recognized me, he jumped up and hugged me.
"Welcome back. I've been thinking about you, Ray.
She presses a large tear to my chest.
Her body was trembling slightly.
Oh, I've made her anxious again.
I put my hand on her back and stroked her.
"Don't worry ......, I won't leave you again."
I'm sure you're relieved to hear that, but Tippy's trembling lessened and then stopped.
What happened to you?　Siona, what's wrong?"
I'm not trying to hide anything.
I told her the truth without hiding anything.
I was shot. I was shot. I was trying to protect me. ...... I don't think I was hurt, but I was unconscious. ......
Let me see it right now!
In a more agile move than ever before, Tippy picked up Siona and laid her on the floor.
You'll be able to see her wounds.
"Oh, yeah. ......, is Siona hurt?
I don't know. I don't know, but I have to be sure.
When I saw Tippy running her hands over Siona's clothes, I rushed to turn around.
I'm not sure.
It's ...... okay, there was no problem ......, Ray."
Tippi's tone of voice had returned to normal.
I turn around quietly.
In the lobby floor where I lay, Siona was breathing peacefully.
I thought she had been shot for defending me, but it seems she was just knocked out by the gunfire at close range.
"Thank God. ......"
I let out a hearty sigh of relief.
"Ray, how did Siona get shot?"
"The ningen came in and started looting the town. They're looting the town. They're destroying buildings and..."
I didn't mention that they were trying to get rid of the people in the town and that Mr. Mads might have already been dealt with.
And then when they found me and tried to shoot me, Siona covered for me.
I clenched my fists tightly. I clenched my fists tightly and Tippi looked at me sadly.
I'm sure you're right. But if that's the case, ...... this place might be dangerous too.
You can get away with it by hiding.
"If we stay hidden, we can get by ...... until the ningen leave."
I'm not sure if I'll be able to do that," he said.
I'm sure you'll agree with me. I'm sure you'll be able to find something that works for you. So they'll come here too.
"Oh, no. ...... they're going to live here? ......?
Because this is a town.
It's a town .......
I walked through a barren land until I arrived here.
There was no food, no water, and death was a constant companion.
I'm sure those ningen have traveled through such a world.
If that's the case, this "town" is a paradise that I could never have hoped for.
But why would anyone want to take it away from them because it's ......? I'm sure the people of this town will accept me.
It's for our own survival.
It's not right to sacrifice ...... anyone for that!
...... Ray, scary ......
Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare you Tippy. ......
He unclenched his fists in exasperation and patted Tippy on the head to reassure her.
It's a good idea to think about Tippi and Siona now.
If we stay in this town, they will be in danger.
I really want to save everyone in the town. But I can't do that right now. I don't have the strength or the wisdom.
I'm not sure if this is a good idea, but I think it's a good idea.
I'll go someplace where I can relax.
Tippi, let's leave the town for once. Tippy, let's get out of town and figure out a way to help the people of this town.
As I said this, I felt a tightening in my chest.
I felt my chest tighten as I said this, because I had ranked the lives.
I've chosen the life that's right in front of me, within my reach.
I'm sure that's a shallow thing to do. The weight of life is equal,......, but I still try to choose,.......
Yes, I think that's a good idea.
The little girl's nod lightens my guilt.
It's a good idea to hide in that abandoned factory for a while. I'm sure there's nothing there that a ningen would want.
Then we'll have to take care of Rei and Siona's food. ......
That's right. I hope we can stop by the church somehow.
The library and the church we're in are on opposite sides of the square, at opposite ends of town.
Once we leave the town and take a large detour, there's no way we'll be able to get out of the way if we're being shot at in an unobstructed area. On top of that, I was carrying Siona on my back.
So, I guess I'll have to go through the rubble again. This time, Tippi is with me, so the difficulty level is even higher. ......
I explained it to Tippy as clearly as I could.
Is it hard to go to church?
Yes, ...... for now.
Then you can just go through there.
Did you go to ......?
Yes, I did. Yes, I did. You have to go through the ground to get to the church.
Yeah, a house. If it's underground, no one will find us.
Underground: ...... Underground: ...... But how?
You just take the manhole and go through the town.
...... I see.
I'm sure you can get to the church without being spotted.
"Good idea, Tippy!　That's great, Tippy."
"Heh heh. ...... Ray complimented me.
But I wonder where the manholes are located in town.
"Hmm ...... Ray, come here."
Tippy took my hand and led me to the bookshelf.
Without the slightest hesitation, we came to a certain bookshelf.
"That book."
I picked up the book Tippi was pointing to and opened it.
Inside was a map of the town's manholes and their underground channels.
"This is great, Tippi!　With this, we can get to the church without any problems.
"Thanks, ...... Ray."
Tippy's eyes narrowed in delight as I stroked her head.
"Okay, Tippy. All right, Tippy, let's get going.
"Yes, ......, but wait. I'm going to take care of you for a little while, okay?
Yeah, sure.
Thank you, Ray.
With a bow, Tippy disappeared into the back room.
He told me that everything was fine, but it still bothered him that he hadn't regained consciousness.
Maybe the ningen hadn't shot him with a bullet gun, but with some kind of weapon that took away his freedom.
If we can figure out what caused it, we can figure out how to deal with it.
The unknown can be such a frightening situation.
"Hey, Ray. --What's wrong?"
Tippi came back from the back room.
No, it's nothing. I was just worried about Siona.
I replied, trying to keep my composure.
So, what are you bringing with you?
Tippi, who seemed to have made preparations, was carrying a large bag.
She had a big bag with stuffed animals, ...... books, and ...... gifts.
I see. That's important.
"Also, ...... is a picture of Mom and Dad."
Tippy said sadly.
A picture of my parents who will never come back.
I don't know how Tippy feels when she stares at that picture.
"Well, what's this then?"
In addition to the large bag, Tippi was carrying a thin but solid metal bag in her hand. It's a little too rugged for the petite Tippi to carry, I think.
I'll tell you about it later at ....... I'll tell you about it later. Rei, let's go.
Oh, yeah. ......
With Tippi's help, I carried Siona on my back as she lay on the floor. Strangely enough, I didn't feel the weight of her.
"I'm ready, Tippy."
"Okay, then. ...... bye bye."
Tippy said goodbye to the countless bookshelves.
Her voice sounded somehow sad.
I have not yet been able to heal this girl's sorrow at all.
But I hadn't given up.
We will be together from now on.
I'm going to be with her for a long time to come, and as we spend time together, even if it's just little by little.
I want to heal Tippi's sorrow.
And one day, I want Tippi to smile from the bottom of her heart.
That was my secret wish at the moment.
"Come on, let's go."
"Yeah."
Even so, Tippi followed me without a single whimper.
By the time we reached the church, we were pretty exhausted.
There was no sign of ningen in the area.
We looked around carefully and stepped into the church.
The chapel was quiet.
It was as if all the commotion in the town was a lie.
I found a music box on the altar at the back of the chapel.
I wondered if Siona had been listening to it here.
The sound of my shoes on the way to the music box echoed loudly in the chapel.
I approached the altar and reached for the music box.
As I turned the handle, a melody flooded out from inside.
The melody warmed my heart somehow.
--Suddenly, I heard a singing voice.
It came from behind my back.
Welcome back."
Siona said, getting off my back.
Don't worry about that. Are you in any pain?　Tippi said she was fine. ......
Yes, I feel fine.
Siona smiled as if to reassure me. Then she looked at Tippi, who was next to her.
You've come to ...... too, haven't you, Tippy?
"Yes..."
I'm not sure what to make of this.
"Siona ......."
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
I'm sure you'll be able to understand ......, but!
It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
I'm not sure what to say.
I'm not sure what to say, but I'm going to say it.
It was a very unexpected word. I'm not sure if you've heard of it, but I'm sure you have.
I realized while I was with Ray. That's what she's trying to do.
"But then..."
That's part of the reason I came here. I can't go to the library anymore. I can't go to the library anymore. ...... Probably not this town either.
Tippy, I'm sorry. ......
It's okay. Siona doesn't have to stay.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
It's a good thing that you're not the only one.
"What are you going to do now, Lei?"
When Tippi said that, I came back to myself in a panic.
If Siona is okay, I want to help the people of the town. Especially those who have been told to get rid of them.
"What?"
Oh, ......."
That was a terrible thing to say. ...... It was a terrible way to talk to someone who didn't see you as a human being.
Can you do that, Ray?
I don't know, but I don't think I could stand by and watch someone get killed in front of me.
But Ray is in danger.
Yeah, I know that, but ......
You can't just stand by and watch someone get shot. You can't do anything about it if you challenge them head on.
I'm sure we won't even be able to have a discussion.
"I promise. "I promise, if there's any danger, I'll turn back.
"Absolutely. If Ray gets hurt, we'll never be able to recover from everything.
Yeah. I can't leave Ciona behind, either.
Ray. ......
"Siona..."
With that one word, the two of us separated like magnets repelling each other.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!　It's not that I forgot about you, Tippi!
"Only Siona is unfair ......."
I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one.
I'm sorry, Tippy. I didn't mean to do that. ......"
I'm sorry, too," he said, nodding his head gently.
I also apologize and gently nudge Tippy's head, "Mmm ...... that's not right ......."
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
I'm not sure if you've heard of this, but I'm sure you have.
That's how we laughed together.
Without a second thought, the three of us held hands.
We clasp each other's hands tightly so that we will never be separated again.
And before our resolve can be shaken, I declare, "We will always be three.
"From now on, it will always be the three of us. Always.
But then, as if to mock me, I hear .......
I'm not sure what to do.
It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
I'm sure I'll be getting stronger as well.
The people of the town have all been captured.
So, whoever is heading to this church right now...
I'm sure it's a ningen.
I was the first one to move. I looked out the window, trying not to make a sound.
There was only one figure. But I don't know how many people will be following me.
"Siona, Tippi, go to the back of the chapel. Bend over as much as you can so that you can't be seen from outside.
Okay, but I think we should lock the doors first.
No, you can't. If we do that, they will surely call for backup. If we do that, we won't stand a chance.
It's a good idea to make as little noise as possible in order to neutralize the ningen out there.
If it's just one person, I think I can handle it. If it's two of them, we can manage to surprise them.
But if there were more than three - I hadn't told Siona or Tippi, but I was going to catch one of them.
I stood in the shadow of the door, letting my footsteps fade away. In the meantime, the footsteps were getting closer and closer.
There was only one. So far, none of them have followed me.
"...... soooo ......"
I took a deep, quiet breath and prepared myself.
I stare at my breath. The footsteps were close by.
The door slowly opened.
A man with a gun slowly enters the room.
--Still!
A moment later, I swung my arm down as hard as I could from my blind spot.
I quickly kicked away the gun that had fallen to the floor.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
We were still in close proximity to each other.
The moment you reach for it, you'll be able to use it as a weapon.
If so, you can take advantage of the moment he reaches for it and jump on him.
But the man quietly tilted his head and looked at me.
What do you think you're doing?
He asks me in an inarticulate voice.
Why are you against us? Are you the owner of this town?"
"Owners?　I'm just trying to do what's best for the people of this town.
You sound like a Philoid.
You sound like a phylloid. ...... What if ...... is the reason for my existence?
As I say this, I take off the glove on my right hand to reveal my mechanical hand.
It's not a good idea to go head-to-head with a mechanical body like mine.
If you can make them think that, they might back off.
For now, as long as I can keep Siona and Tippi safe, that's all that matters. Even if they find out who I am, I will protect what I want to protect.
That is my role as a phylloid.
The man tilted his head again at my actions.
What are you talking about?　A phylloid can't do anything in combat. They are made to obey orders, not to defy the ningen.
What?
Either way, you are a misfit, trapped in the ideology of an older age. I'll get rid of you before you cause any trouble.
I'm not sure what to make of it.
I grabbed the blade of the knife with my mechanical right hand. Then, with all my strength, I give it a big twist.
This is the first time I've ever seen such a thing.
He puts his entire body weight on his opponent and pushes him down. The elbow of your left arm is placed against the throat of your opponent, and both of your legs are sealed with your knees.
"Ray!"
From the back of the room, Siona came running out.
I put my left hand back on the throat of my opponent and raised my bare metal right hand, I said.
It's a metal arm that can break knives. If I swung it down on his head with all my might, he would not be safe.
"Ray, stop!"
Siona pleaded in a shaky voice.
--But.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
My right hand was halfway into the man's head.
Not on the man's head, but on the floor right next to him.
Why let him live?　For your own safety, killing me is the right choice."
The man said with a blank expression on his face.
'That's not true. Killing you for any reason is the wrong choice.
"That's absurd. It's a very inefficient way of thinking.
I'm going to take you hostage. I'll take you hostage and let the people of the town go.
He grabs them by the collar and pulls them up.
It's pointless. My life is not worth it. My life is not worth it. If dying now will open up a future for my people, I have no reason to regret it.
Without changing his voice at all, the man pulled something out of his pocket.
It was an old-fashioned bomb. As soon as he pulled out the safety pin, he grabbed me by the arm.
"What?"
I quickly pulled my arm back, but it didn't falter.
I was horrified.
Why is this ningen, even at this very moment when his life is about to be scattered, not showing any emotion in his face?
It's as if the color of the eyes, with no apparent intention, is binding my body.
I'm not sure what to do.　If you stop thinking, you're done!
I instantly switch my mind and begin to analyze the situation.
What the man is carrying is a really small bomb, about the size of a small fruit.
But since it's a bomb, it has the power to kill, and more importantly, the sound of the explosion could be noticed by the ningen sitting in the town.
When will it go off?
They'll probably try to blow themselves up. We don't have much time, that's for sure.
But what can we do?　If the explosion is large enough, it could damage Siona and the others who are hiding.
It's impossible to deactivate this bomb, so how can we minimize its effects?
I reflexively hugged the man. I reflexively hug the man, as if I'm holding the bomb between us.
This way, I could at least protect Siona and the others from the blast. It may be imperfect, but it's the best choice I can think of.
At least for the two of us...
The next moment, a shock came.
From the side. It was as if I was being pushed away. ...... No, no, no, I was pushed away!
I'm not sure what to make of it.
There was Siona with a bomb.
Siona!
Get down!"
The bomb she was clutching exploded with a strong light and sound.
The scale of the explosion was not very large, perhaps because it was a non-lethal kind of bomb.
Even so, I was still dizzy from the blast and sound.
I'm not sure what to make of it.
I'm not sure what to do.
I shouted in my wobbly vision.
I want you to be okay, please, please.
I'm sure you'll be fine.
"...... ray......"
"Siona ......."
Siona, get help now!
A few steps felt like a very long time.
I slapped my wobbly legs and walked over to her.
Then I saw it.
What ...... is this ......?
When I saw Siona's figure, I was shocked.
Her right arm ...... was thrown on the floor, and from the wrist to the ...... end, there was a metallic frame?
It's not bone. Definitely not. It is clearly different from that of a ningen.
And there's no...
It's strange.
What was supposed to be there was not.
Red.
That's the sign of a ningen.
It's ....... .......
"But ......."
I clench my mechanical right hand, which is covered by a glove.
Yes, I wish it was ...... the same, but it's not.
Siona, is that ...... okay?
Yes, at least this much.
It's not possible.
It's not possible.
I was hit by an explosion at such a close distance.
There is no way you can be okay.
I'm sure the pain was so intense that you couldn't help but shed a tear.
And yet.
But why?
I'm not sure what to say.
I followed Shona's gaze and put my hand on her head.
--I'm not sure why.
I don't know why I have what she needs.
I don't need this.
I don't need this, and I wish I had it for her.
No, I should have.
She touches my head and says, "You're bleeding.
"You're bleeding, are you okay?"
Blood was flowing from my head.
Red.
Red blood.
It's not something that flows in phylloids. ......
In contrast, not even a single drop of blood flowed from Siona's arm.
Instead, you can see the bare mechanical parts.
This can only mean one thing.
And that is....
"...... Ray?　I'm sure you've heard the loud noises, but you're fine--Shiona!　Ray?
I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but it's a good idea.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
I'm not sure what to say, but I'm sure you'll understand.
"Don't worry ......, I'll be fine ......."
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm going to have to.
This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with your family.
But it's an unstable one.
It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
You can find a lot of people who are interested in this kind of thing.
In a shaky voice, Tippi said. I'm not sure what to do.
It is true that the sound of the explosion earlier will no doubt bring other ningen.
There were many questions he wanted to ask.
There were many things I wanted to find out for sure.
But for now, I swallowed it all down.
...... Let's go, let's get out of town.
We took the bare minimum of our luggage and left the church.
Then, following Tippy's instructions, we took the back roads out of town and headed for the abandoned factory.
There, too, I was reminded of .......
It was only ...... Boku who felt heavy on his feet from fatigue.
Tippi led the way and Siona took me by the hand as we continued walking.
When I reached the abandoned factory, I finally sat down on the ground.
It's a great way to get to know the people in your area.
Tippy, I'm going to go get some water.
The little girl took one look at Siona and then disappeared into the depths of the abandoned factory.
She probably left the whole explanation to Siona.
"...... Siona."
At the sound of my voice, Siona smiles back at me, as if she is a little troubled.
I'm sure you've noticed by now, but I'm ...... unsure. The people who live in this town are all phylloids.
That's what ...... I was trying to look away from.
I had a hunch,......, and I felt uncomfortable,......, but I didn't want to admit it,.......
"So ...... I'm a 'ningen'?"
When my head was damaged, a red liquid leaked from the damaged area.
I'm sure you'll agree with me.
This is the first time I've ever seen such a thing.
You've always misunderstood because you have a mechanical arm. ...... It's an artificial medical part to replace a limb lost in an accident or something.
Oh, no. ...... Then I'm really ......
Yes, you are a ningen. You are the creator and partner of us phylloids. That's you. You are the creator and partner of us phylloids. You are the only one who was a ningen.
"I see. ......"
I stared at my mechanical right hand, which was covered by a glove, and squeezed it weakly.
It's the opposite of what I thought I knew before: .......
Siona is a phylloid ...... and I am a ningen .......
--I'm a ningen, which means I'm a ningen that I should hate.
I felt something deep in my chest.
The feeling was painful.
It was sad.
I was angry.
It was that same cold, heartless, evil being.
I couldn't help but feel pain in my heart.
The fact that I can't change it makes me angry.
The man I had just been dealing with had been right.
I wasn't a phylloid, I was a ningen.
I was a ningen, not a phylloid, and they, the ruling ningen, were going to do terrible things to the phylloid townspeople, the rulers.
I don't know why this is happening to me.
All I wanted was to live with Siona and the others, with the people of the town.
I just wanted to make everyone happy.
But, but, but...
I can't do that.
That's because I'm a ningen.
It's because I'm one of those helpless creatures.
I felt a warmth in my fist that I had unconsciously clenched.
When I looked down, I saw Shona's hand on top of it.
The temperature was artificial.
I'm not sure what to make of it.
It was ...... warm.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your time and money.
I wonder if I deserve her kindness.
"Do you want to know more?　About you guys?"
Siona smiled at me and said.
"You mean ningen?"
Yes, ningen. Do you want to know about our partners?
If I could know, I would.
So I nodded.
I'd like to know ...... how we came to be.
"Ray, do you remember the picture of Tippy in the library?"
Yeah, I remember that. ......
Yes, I remember that picture. She draws one every day, every day, at any time.
I close my eyelids and remember the scene.
I closed my eyelids and remembered the scene: dozens and hundreds of crayon drawings.
"How many do you think there are?
I don't know. ...... If Tippy was a phylloid, she would have been drawing for years... maybe a thousand.
Eighty-six thousand, six hundred and seventy-one.
"Eighty thousand..."
Again, a strong dizziness hit me. But it wasn't from the earlier explosion or the subsequent bleeding.
I'm not sure how long Tippi has spent alone in that dark library.
There must have been few people who came to that library.
It must have been a lonely day.
Thinking about the time Tippi had spent there, she felt as if she would lose her footing.
Tippi had been able to endure that.
With that small body.
We phylloids were born a few more decades ago. The ningen wanted us..."
Siona sang out the history of phylloids.
First of all, phylloids were androids that had reached the stage of practical use, but had been equipped with the emotions of ningen.
The basic information about emotions was installed from the beginning, and the system was designed to learn new emotions through independent thought processes.
Including this, we can say that it is as close to a ningen as possible.
For this reason, they were able to be as close as possible to ningen, not only in their work but also in their lives.
Eventually, companies began to incorporate custom-made emotions and memories, and an unprecedented phylloid boom was born.
Families unable to have children will buy phylloids for their children, and those who have lost parents or children will order phylloids with their memories.
In the blink of an eye, the number of phylloids increased, and in just a few decades, the number of phylloids produced was equivalent to the population of Ningen.
One of the most groundbreaking was the phylloid that carried the most complex of all ningen emotions, love.
It had the ability to become a life companion.
It can acquire a loved one without going through the process of falling in love, and that love is guaranteed to be semi-permanent.
In a society where people were marrying later in life and more and more ningen were prioritizing work over love, the demand for this ability was great and it was accepted with applause.
However, the families that did marry philoids did not have children, adding to the declining birthrate.
The decline in birthrates created a shortage of marriage partners, which in turn created a loop of more phylloid marriages.
"And then, somehow, the ningen forgot how to love. "And then the ningen forgot how to make love.
Siona smiled sadly.
Ningen children have been artificially created using science. Ningen children were created artificially using science, but the ningen who had lost love could not teach their children to love.
Love was the source of all emotions.
Because of love, we feel the joy of being in contact with someone.
Because of love, we know what we want to protect and feel anger when it is hurt.
Because of love, we feel sadness when we lose something important.
Because of love, we share, share, and enjoy the same emotions as .......
But........., we have forgotten that.
The ningen who have come to the town are probably such "ningen".
The ningen who have forgotten their emotions along with love have lost their compassion for others.
The ningen no longer needed love, and the existence of phylloids with emotions became alien to them.
When they thought about the efficiency of their actions, they found it too wasteful .......
The ningen eventually came to believe that phylloids should be machines.
They dared to go into harsh environments ...... to work with danger ...... and to abuse them beyond their specification limits .......
However, there were ningen who did not approve of this.
The ningen who have left the emotion of love behind appeal. The phylloid is a partner.
The world was divided into two.
The ningen with love, and the ningen without.
The ningen who do not have love conclude that the ideas of the old generation are foolish.
The old generation's ideas are stupid and should be eradicated. ......
There was no hesitation in pressing the button on the earth-burning weapon.
Everything else happened quickly.
Retaliation led to retaliation, and it took less than five days for the world to be engulfed in flames and ashes.
A poisoned and polluted land, black clouds blocking the light of day, and an ocean that could not moisten life.
The history of the ningen will come to an end by its own hand. ......
It was too foolish a choice.
We were born for the ningen, but we took away the most important thing for them.
That's not true. ...... It's us ningen who are to blame for everything. ......
But there are many ningen who survived. But there are many of us who have survived. No matter how badly the world is torn apart, life never stops moving.
I'm not sure what to say to the gentle Siona.
I couldn't find anything to say to her. "...... Kohon, ah, ah, ah..."
Suddenly, Siona began to practice her vocalization.
Then, she turned to face me and said...
"Nice to meet you. I'm Assou International, MODA-117 Alice. mk-17. Have you registered as a user yet?　If you have, please choose a name for me. This is the first name you can give me. Please be careful with it!"
--I was taken by surprise.
I've never seen anything like it before,......, but it was the first time I'd ever seen such an innocent and cheerful Shiona.
"Surprised?"
Siona asks, back to her usual self.
"Uh, yeah, ......."
That's the oldest memory I have.
I can't imagine when that was. I can't imagine.
In those days, every day was like a festival, ...... very lively.
Siona showed me a piece of paper, which seemed to be a newspaper clipping.
She showed me a piece of paper that appeared to be a newspaper clipping: "World Musician Dies.
The picture on it was the same as the one in the photo frame in her room.
He had a similar face to mine.
Is this ...... your brother?
Yes, this was a long time ago, too. ...... I'm the latest model of phylloid to be manufactured. Fifth generation, I think.
I wonder how Siona feels when she describes herself as "manufactured".
Phylloids have feelings just like ningen.
In other words, they are just like ningen.
Is it really that easy to separate them?
My generation is the first model to be equipped with the concept of human death. My generation was the first to be equipped with the concept of death, in order to be as close as possible to the ningen. But the models before me didn't have it, like ...... Mudd and Tippy. Both of them don't understand the concept of death. There is no point in trying to explain it to them. The day of understanding will never come.
Waiting for death without knowing it.
It's a hope that exists, but it's a hope that will never be rewarded.
Despair in the name of hope.
It is unconditionally confronted.
If you're going to be confronted with something like that, wouldn't it be better if you were taught despair from the beginning?
I'm sure you'll agree with me.
Tippy was an earlier model ....... I believe it was a second generation phylloid. Up until the second generation, they couldn't extract energy from food. That's why they run on electricity. However, there is a limit to the battery life. That's why I have that stuffed bear as an auxiliary battery."
Thinking back, Tippy always had a stuffed animal in her hand whenever she went somewhere.
I never realized that it was a battery.
But there was something that made sense to me.
Tippy had been in that library for a long time.
The library was the only one in town with a power generation system.
Tippy had stayed there to continue her activities.
Tippy's parents died a long time ago, too. Maybe more than two hundred years ago. But Tzipi, who has no concept of death, is waiting. He's been alone for a long time."
What a tragic story.
I don't know the lifespan of a filoid, but that's how Tippy has lived for hundreds of years.
Every day, every day, shedding tears.
Trapped in an unfulfilled hope for a future that can never come.........
In that library where you are all alone.
It's like having a ball of lead in your chest.
It's painful and it hurts.
The more you think about it, the deeper it will fall into your soul.
But it hurts even though I know."
And Siona is aware of death. The more I think about it, the deeper it goes.
Ray sees Mr. Mudd collapsing in the grocery store, doesn't he?
Yeah. ...... It was weird, you know? It was as if there was no external injury, but only the soul was slipping away.
I can see that now. I can see now that Mr. Mads was already broken at that time.
But we have to live like this. But we have to live like this until the day we die, until the day we break. For those of us who don't get sick, it's an eternity. That's why we try to be ningen. Otherwise, it would be too sad, right?　We can take over the work of our partners, or take over the work of those who are no longer with us. ...... We can make the world go round, just like the ningen did. We're going to make the world go round like the ningen did, so that it never stops.
Mr. Mudd owned a general store.
There was a photo shop, a bar, and many other stores in the town.
It was all the work of philoids.
It was the efforts of the phylloids who were trying to protect the world of the ningen.
They were the last hope of the remaining phyllids.
"We will spend our days so that one day, when the ningen return, we will be able to talk about the world as it was when we were having fun.
Siona smiled.
She smiled, an emotion that did not fit her current situation.
With that smile, Siona was protecting herself.
I was sad to see her smile.
...... But we phylloids have a flaw, too. It's just that when things get unbearably hard, some emotions come to the fore. I'm like this, and Mr. Mud is always angry, and Tippy is always sad.
But," continued Siona, "it's the last thing we need.
It's our last resort. If even those feelings disappear, we will be broken ...... and dead.
"So, Mr. Mads, when Siona was shot--"
Yes. He wasn't on a trip, you know. After Ray had finished showing the film, Mr. Mudd was scared - no, he stopped moving.
So you closed the store, Siona?
Yes. Yes, because I knew that if I didn't, Ray would have questions, not to mention the townspeople. That's what happened, right?
Well, yes, but ......
If the store had remained open, I would have definitely walked in and found Mud stuck there.
If the ningen hadn't come along, I would have never noticed it.
In the end, it was confirmed that I hadn't been mistaken.
I didn't want to believe it, but it was true.
"My brother told me. "My brother told me that emotions are a piece of the puzzle called life. Emotions are the pieces that hold life together. If an emotion is missing, all the pieces fall apart. It is the same for both ningen and phylloid. Mr. Mudd was broken because his anger toward his son was dissipated.
If that's true, then it was me who killed Mr. Mudd.
I took the liberty of finding a playback device and showing him his son's movies.
If I hadn't done that, he would have been able to continue working without any damage.
As if she knew how I felt, Siona walked around to my left and put her hand on top of mine.
Don't worry, it's not Rei's fault. Sooner or later, we're all going to end up like that. Sooner or later we're all going to end up like that, just like ningen can't escape death. I'm sure Mr. Mads was happy. I'm sure Mr. Mads was happy to finally know his son's true feelings.
"Maybe so. But..."
But..." A feeling of helplessness grew in me.
If I had known that at the time, I would have forced myself to stop it.
You are kind, aren't you, Ray?
That's not true. ......
I'm not.
You can't see her face.
I'm not sure what to do.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm hoping. I'm hoping that one day I'll be able to see that smile again.
Siona smiled sadly as she looked down at the photo of her brother.
That's why I was so happy when I first met Rei. I knew it was just a dream. My brother is alive.
To die.
To die, whether you know it or not, is a painful thing.
To be made good by ningen, to have a family forced upon you, and to leave behind only the pain of death.
Selfish and disgusting.
That's what we were, ningen.
"Tippy, you feel the loss of your family. That's why she'll die if we act like a family. But that doesn't mean I don't want you to say those words to Rei. There is a rule that we phylloids are not allowed to say or do anything that would make people realize that we are phylloids. It destroys the dreams of the ningen. But I've gone too far. ...... I'm sorry."
As Siona bowed her head, a sweet scent drifted into the air.
It is true that what Shiona did was unforgivable.
In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can contact us at the web site.
I had no choice. She was just following the rules, it's not her fault.
This is how you forgive someone, and someone is forgiven.
Apologize, and be apologized to.
We cry, we get angry, we laugh.
That's what ningen is all about.
As phylloids, they knew this better than anyone else.
Thank you for telling me this, Siona. Thank you for talking to me, Shiona, and for being so nice to me.
As a ningen, I felt bad.
As a ningen, I felt bad that I was returning the favor to the phyllids who had done so much for me.
While I'm doing this, the ningen may be disposing of the phyllids in the town.
And the phyllids won't be able to put up much of a fight against that.
She couldn't hide the pain in her chest at the thought.
Siona gently reached out her arms and hugged me.
A warmth enveloped me.
It's not natural. Ningen and phylloid were and still are partners. That's how it's going to be in the future.
I felt that there was a feeling there that I hadn't understood until the end.
It was warm, wide, deep, strong, gentle, soft, big, and precious.
The ningen had lost something very important.
But what the ningen had forgotten, the girls remembered.
For years, for decades, for hundreds of years.
For years, decades, hundreds of years, they had been protecting me, even though I was alone.
I felt like I had to inherit that and protect them as well.
It was not a duty or an order.
It was something I wanted to do myself.
"I'm back, there was clean water.
As I was sharing my body heat with Siona, Tippi called out to me from behind.
For some reason, I felt embarrassed and quickly distanced myself from Siona.
The warmth that had been touching my skin was being carried away by the air.
However, the gap was soon filled with new warmth.
I looked over to see that Tippi had stepped in between me and Siona.
"Tippy, too... squeeze me."
Siona and I looked at each other.
It seems that she is leaving the decision up to me.
Tippi has lived in solitude for two hundred years.
If he stays like this, he will be able to live forever without breaking down.
But is that a happy life?
Is there any value in an empty life?
I hugged Siona to me.
Tippy was standing in between us.
Siona hugged me as well.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it.
It's warm. ......
This is the first time in two hundred years that I have felt this warmth.
This is the first time in two hundred years that Tippi has waited two hundred years for something so trivial.
It was a very sad time for .......
If I could give 200 years worth of warmth to Tippi, I would certainly give it to her.
I'm sure you'll be happy to know that the time you spent waiting for Tippi was not in vain.
What are you going to do now, Ray?
I'm not sure what to do with it.
If I could, I would ...... help everyone in the town, but I don't think I can ...... do that right now.
I'm sorry for the people of the town, but I don't have the power to do that.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure I'm not the only one.
It's a bit far, but let's go to the factory where I woke up.
No, I don't think it was a factory.
I'm sure it wasn't a factory at all. It was a facility where the world was uninhabitable due to war, and where the polluted earth slept until it became a little better.
I woke up a little too late to ...... wake up.
I was a little late waking up. I'm sure you'll be able to understand why. But Tippy needs to recharge her batteries.
"Siona: ......"
He must have realized it just from what he just said. I'm not sure what to do.
I'm sure you're right. I'm sorry about ......."
"No, no. I knew I had to say something soon.
I'm not sure what to say, but I'm sure you'll understand.
I'm not sure what to say, but I'm going to say it.
"...... Tippy-chan?"
I'm not sure if it's a good idea or not.
The three of us will survive.
It was a word with no guarantee.
There are no guarantees.
And yet, I could only continue to say those words.
"We'll survive together, the three of us, forever and ever.
It was just an ideal.
I know that the world is not so sweet that you can live only with ideals.
I know that the world is not so sweet as to live by ideals, and of course, neither does Siona.
Even so, Siona doesn't raise any questions to me.
Anxiety and dissatisfaction.
She kept all those words to herself.
I'm sure her heart was filled with them.
In fact, my mind was overrun with those feelings.
But I still needed them.
Words of hope.
"...... Yes."
Siona nodded and hugged me and Tippi tighter.
And so we began our journey towards the facility.
This is the town and its ......
Tippy hugged her stuffed bear to her chest as we saw the wilderness.
Tippy hugged her stuffed bear to her chest as she saw the wilderness, "Does it look different from what you know?"
Yes. When I saw it before, there was a road and a forest, and then..."
The scenery Tippy described was a larger scale version of the festive days that Siona had described.
I'm not sure what to make of it, but I think it's a good idea.
In that case, ...... the ningen had already begun to decline when I began to operate. ......
Siona looks a little sad. I'm not sure what to make of it, but it's a good idea.
Let's go!
I'm not sure if you've seen this before, but I've seen it before.
And above all, to survive.
We struggled, and struggled, and struggled to survive.
Struggle, struggle, struggle to stay alive.
If you are alive, that's all that matters.
Just being alive was worth it.
I thought so from the bottom of my heart.
Using the position of the sun, which was faintly perceptible through the dim clouds, as a landmark, I walked, searching my memory.
As the sun went down and the temperature dropped, the three of us fell asleep, cuddling each other.
Sometimes we sang songs, sometimes we encouraged each other, and sometimes we played with each other. ......
We continued our journey, which was not only hard.
It was three full days later, just as the sun was beginning to set, that we crossed the reddish brown earth and reached our destination.
The building was half buried in the sand. ...... No wonder we couldn't find it. I can't believe all this equipment is still here. ......"
As we walked inside, the lights were faintly lit and the air conditioning was working, making a faint sound from somewhere.
The room hadn't changed a bit when I woke up. For now, I put away all the parts of the phylloid that would be uncomfortable for Siona and Tippy.
These phylloids were probably protecting me and the other humans who had been cold-sleeping.
"Yay, I can sit down!"
Tippy ran out and quickly sat down on the sofa that had been set up.
As soon as he sat down, his body began to slacken.
I'm not sure what to make of it.
...... It's kind of cold in here.
It was originally designed for cold sleep.
Even though it's indoors, it's a bit colder than outside.
I would like to think that the fact that the air conditioning has been turned on means that there is still a function to raise the temperature inside the facility.
But I don't know where that is.
I'm hoping there's some kind of heating system. ......
You can do it this way. Ray, sit next to Tippy.
Like this?
I'm coming closer!
"Like this?"
I asked, almost in close contact with Tippi, and Siona looked satisfied.
"Yes, this is fine!
She sat down on the opposite side of Tippi.
--She sat down on the other side of Tippi's body, as tightly as me and Tippi.
"See, it's warm in here."
"Yeah, it's ...... warm.
Yes, it is warm. It's warm, but it's ...... warm.
What do you think?　Tippy. Are you still cold?"
"It's ...... warm."
Tippy squinted and rubbed against my arm.
Is it warm?　Yes, thank God.
Yeah, it's warm. ...... It's so warm, Ray. It's like ......."
As if. What's wrong?
I feel like I'm in a family.
............
Tippy's mom and dad used to hug him like this.
Yeah. Yeah, it's warm, just like that.
...... Yeah, it's warm.
...... Hey, can you hold me again?　Can you hug Tippy again?
I was about to hug her, but I stopped when I felt Siona's sad gaze on me.
Tippy, I can't do that.
"Why not?　Can't you give me a hug?
Yes, I can. We're not a family, Tippy, we're not a family.
We're not a family. ...... Tippy, are you all alone?
Yes. No matter how much time we spend together, we are still alone. You can't change that.
If you only pick up the words, they are cold, as if he hates Tippi.
But now I understand.
But now I can see that those words are full of kindness.
The only emotion left in Tippi.
--Sadness.
To fill Tippi's heart is to free it from sorrow .......
In other words, it's the equivalent of dying.
I've been hugging Tippi without thinking about it until now.
But that may have been too cruel a kindness.
No, maybe it wasn't even kindness at all.
It was just an act of self-satisfaction that shortened Tippi's life.
Siona had been enduring all this time.
In order to protect Tippi's feelings of sadness ......, above all, to protect Tippi.
The truth is, she would have loved to hug him.
I would have loved to have stroked his head and said kind words to him.
It's not that I don't love her.
I had to endure for a long time without offering my hand to this blue girl.
That's why I thought I had to endure too.
I thought so, but I could not stop my hand from .......
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
The back of my eyes became hot.
I knew that this would shorten Tippi's life, but I asked myself why I couldn't stop it.
Isn't this just a way to temporarily satisfy my own needs ......?
I am a ningen after all .......
I am a selfish, self-interested, hurtful ningen.
I'm not sure what to say, but I'm going to say it.
I embraced the warmth of the two of them.
As if to fill the gap of two hundred years, we brought our warmth closer.
The warmth of the three of us, even in the cold facilities, did not make us feel the cold.
That's how warm it was.
A melody naturally spilled out of Siona's mouth.
That song that her brother had written.
The melody lit up the warmth deep in her heart.
The gentle voice echoed through the factory.
"Tippy, I love this song that Shona sings.
Tippi buries her face in my chest and says, "When my mom and dad were here, I loved it.
Tippy buries her face in my chest and says, "It reminds me of the time when my mom and dad were here. ...... I can't stop crying.
The girl repeats her sadness.
Tippi has been repeating her grief for two hundred years.
I'm not sure if I'll be able to wipe out those two hundred years of grief.
But I can give you this moment of warmth.
I decided to embrace them with the warmth of two hundred years in this fleeting moment.
But that little time didn't last long.
"Hey, ...... Tippy?"
I looked at Tippi sitting on the sofa.
There was Tippy sitting on the sofa, staring ahead as if in a daze.
What's wrong with you?　Are you sick?"
"Hmm?　...... ......."
He seemed to be in low spirits.
Maybe it's because I've been released from the tension, or maybe it's because I've been walking too long.
Either way, he needs to rest.
I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.
"...... Uh-huh."
He replied with a one-tempo delay. It seems that he was thinking about something.
I've been thinking about it for a while. That's why you're distracted.
I see. ...... Then we need to replenish the electricity. --I don't know how we're going to do that.
It's contactless charging. It's a contactless charging system. The charging equipment should be the same, so we have to find a connector and store the power in the stuffed bear.
"Okay. I'll see if I can find something like that.
I'm on it."
Leaving Tippy on the couch, I went through the equipment.
There were many cold sleep devices lined up. I look for the ones that are still leaking cold air.
Then he opened the maintenance lid at the base of it and examined some cables connected to the switchboard.
Soon, he found what looked like an energizing connector connected to a thicker cable.
Yes, this type will work. Tippy, can I borrow your stuffed animal?
Siona borrowed the stuffed bear from Tippy and opened the zipper on the back, exposing the connection terminal.
When she plugged the charging connector into it, the bear's eyes flashed twice.
Siona let out a sigh of relief, knowing that this was the signal to start charging.
Tippi also squeezed the bear's hand. I'm not sure if this is a good idea, but it's a good idea.
Siona, let's eat, too.
I show her the oral block that I found when I was looking for a cable to charge the battery.
I showed her the oral block that I had found when I was looking for the charging cable, the same one I had found on my way out of the facility.
It doesn't taste as good as Ciona's soup, but I think it's more nutritious.
No, I'm glad I'm hungry. No, I'm glad I'm hungry, just the fact that I can eat makes me feel warm and fuzzy.
I set out a portable plate and put the oral block on top of it.
I laid out a portable plate and placed the oral block on it, because I thought it would make it look a little more like a meal.
In times like these, I want to cherish my everyday life, even the little things.
I wanted to mimic, even if only a little, what I had done at Siona's house in that town.
It looks delicious.
As if sensing my wish, Siona smiled at me.
The two of us put our hands together in front of our meal.
Tippi, who had been watching us, came over to our side.
She placed a stuffed bear in front of us and clasped her hands together as we did.
"I'm with you.
"Tippy-chan: ......?"
"Haha, Tippy, that's quite a feast. It's gorgeous.
Tzipi smiled shyly.
It was a comforting moment in a few days that had been full of pain.
I'm sure that in the distant past, we ningen must have lived a life like this with our philoid partners.
No, it was a life that I could regain even now.
I'm sure I can regain the time I've forgotten ......, just as they taught me when I lost my emotions.
I was thinking about this as I put the remaining oral block on my plate into my mouth.
It was then.
"Warning. The wear rate of the main battery is over 90%. Please have the battery replaced and serviced immediately.
Suddenly, in a clerical tone, Tippy said something like that.
'I'll send an online replacement request to the service center--the service center is offline. Try again. --The service center is offline. Retry. --The service center is offline. Retry. ......"
"Siona, this is--!
I don't know exactly what's going on, but Tippy's battery is losing its charge.
It's not charging. ......
Is the voltage wrong?　No, it's through a stuffed bear, so that shouldn't be a problem.
So, is the problem with the battery itself?
One possibility is ...... deterioration over time. The battery has been in operation for over 200 years.
It's not surprising that the battery is worn out.
Maybe you need a new battery. ......
There's no such thing as a new battery ......, and in Tippy's generation, you couldn't replace a battery without a professional technician disassembling it ......!
No way. ......
I'm not sure what to do.
I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's worth it.
Oh no, we've come this far,......!
It's okay. ...... I knew that.
I'm not sure what to make of it, but I think it's a good idea.
I'm sure you're not the only one.
I knew this was going to happen when I left the ...... library. I also noticed that the battery's charge rate had been dropping for sixty four or seven days.
Tippi replied, smiling weakly.
In addition, Tippi has to do what Tippi can do. ...... Ray, can you bring me the metal bag that Tippi was carrying?
"Okay, okay!"
The slim but somewhat rugged metal bag that Tippi has been carrying since she left the library. The bag was heavier than expected, and I carried it in front of Tippi.
Tippi carelessly places one hand on the middle of the bag. With that, the two locks on the handles were automatically unlocked.
--What was inside was a black board. It was about the size of a slightly larger book. But it was much thinner than that, only about half the size of a short storybook.
Tippi carefully took it out with both hands, and slowly turned to me.
"Ray. Put your palm down here. The one without the machine.
Like this?"
As Tippi asked, I placed my non-prosthetic hand on the black board. Then...
A man's voice sounded from the black board.
"Current administrator, Vortex MSK-3737 model name "Dorothy" individual name. Tippy has authorized you to proceed. Proceed with registration."
"Confirmed, sir. Please state the name of the applicant and identify the individual.
"Uh, ...... Ray."
Copy that. We have registered Ray as the new administrator. Please receive verbal instructions from the current administrator on how to use the system. That's all."
The black board fell silent after saying that.
"Tippy, that was ......."
"All the books from the library, digitized. It's a backup of Tippi's memory space."
Tippi replied in a slightly tired, yet accomplished tone.
I remembered all the handwritten books in the library.
Tippi had memorized every single word of the words written in those books without making any mistakes.
I knew it was Tippi who had written those books.
It's not that the place was a library.
That place was not the library. Tippi was the library itself.
When you use it, put your hand in the middle of the board, just like before. When you use it, place your hand in the middle of the board as you did before, and the tablet - the board - will light up. Then you can use the administrator's voice recognition function to access all the data. ......
"Okay, then."
As Tippi told me, I activated the board called the tablet. I did as I was told and placed my palm on it.
Biometrics confirmed, authenticate administrator Ray. What data do you want to load?"
'Manual, please!　How to repair a phylloid... uh, how to replace the battery!"
Start search: ...... There are three thousand nine hundred and ninety-five items and one hundred and twenty-four thousand seven hundred and fifty-one types of information on how to repair a phylloid. We recommend narrowing your search.
"From the list, we found the Vortex MSK-3737 model "Dorothy."
Start search: ...... match."
The tablet's surface glowed brightly. The surface of the tablet glowed brightly, and the words came to life.
The tablet's surface glowed brightly, and then the words appeared: "Nearly impossible to repair by user. Please keep at rest until personnel from the service center arrive.
Things went dark in front of my eyes.
"How's it working?"
Yeah, it's working. ......, .......
That tablet is only going to ...... work for another few ...... years.
That's more than enough time for me, but not long enough for a phylloid, and probably not long enough for a library management system.
Are you sure you want me to use it?
"You should. From now on, ...... Tippy will no longer be useful. ......
That's not true!　Tippy has always been a great help to me!
When I fixed Siona's music box, when I fixed Mr. Mudd's projector. I was able to do all of these things because Tippi had memorized the library's books and taught them to me.
I'm glad to hear you say that, Ray -- from now on, you can use this ......."
Tippi, who had been sitting on the couch, slowly rolled over.
"Tippy!
"Tippy!"
I've been waiting for this for two hundred years.
I can't let it end here.
Tippy's little mouth was moving up and down.
She seems to be saying something, but her voice is too quiet for me to hear.
I put my ear close to her mouth.
"Hey, Ray ......, Tippy, it was fun.
Tippi's hand was placed over mine.
It's a small, soft hand.
Ray is my father and Siona is my mother. ...... They are both kind and I love them.
No matter how coldly you treat her, no matter how you push her away, you can't hide your true feelings from her.
Tippi was aware of this.
He knew how much we cared about him.
From the moment we got involved, we knew that Tippi was going to end up like this.
And there was nothing we could do about it.
Being alone for a long time was the only way for Tippi to survive.
But that's impossible, of course.
Tippi has feelings.
We're not perfect enough to overlook sadness.
No, it's not perfect.
We are allowed to have emotions because we can feel sadness.
Slowly.
Tippi's eyes closed like a handkerchief sinking into the water.
We created these phylloids, but we can't even save them.
We can't even save them, even though we created them.
They're really selfish creatures, aren't they?
"Hey, Siona, ......."
Tippi's eyelids slowly opened again. I'm not sure what to make of it. Perhaps he couldn't see anymore.
I'm here. ...... I'm here, Tzipi. ......"
Siona's voice was trembling slightly.
I'm glad. ...... Hey, Siona.
"Yeah. ......?"
Thank you for everything. You did your best to keep Tippi from breaking down, didn't you?
As you may have noticed, the Tepee has been in operation for over 200 years ......, but its useful life was originally 150 years. So this is not the fault of Siona or Rei. It's just the way it had to be. ......"
When Tippi left the library and came to the church, Siona had apologized to Tippi, and Tippi had forgiven her.
That's what I meant. ......
So, please. Siona, don't cry. ...... Sing a song. ...... Sing a song. ......"
"Yeah ...... yeah--!"
"Tippy: ......Siona sings ......I love you."
Siona began to sing a song. Sometimes she would squeak and go out of tune. But even so, Siona continued to sing. The melody of the song.
"There's ......, there's ......."
Tippi laughed, and then stopped moving.
Her hands trembled.
That wasn't all.
My whole body was trembling.
Now, on my lap, a small life has come to an end.
If you ask me, it's probably not a life.
But for me, it was an irreplaceable life.
Siona continued to sing quietly.
She's not out of tune anymore. It should have been the same as usual, but the song had an endlessly clear sound.
It was a melody dedicated to Tippi.
Something hot flowed down my cheek.
It ran down my chin and landed on Tippi's cheek.
Tippi wasn't crying, but it looked as if she was.
I pulled Tippi into my arms.
Her small body would never move again.
Her mouth will never speak again.
Its hands will never draw again.
That's death.
A warmth spreads over my head.
Siona is hugging me.
Instantly, my eyes become hot.
This is the emotion that spills out. It is an unbearable pain, an uncontrollable sadness, and a ...... tremendous sorrow.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
Since then, our lives have changed drastically.
Tippi had given me an e-reader that contained all the books in the library.
With this device, once called a tablet, my knowledge has increased dramatically.
I learned how to make crops, how to build a house with only stones and mud, how to predict the weather, and many animals and plants that I couldn't see anymore.
And a database of newspapers from the past 350 years, until the library stopped functioning.
I'm sure I could find out a lot about myself if I searched.
Are you studying today, Ray?
Yes. Yes, there are a lot of things I need to remember.
What book are you reading today?
Survival... how to survive in any environment.
The cold-sleep facility did not have much power. So, if that was the case, they would have to be able to survive to some extent with only a small amount of power.
We have already started to secure drinking water using morning and night dew, and the problem of securing drinking water, which was the weakest point of this facility, is getting much better.
Yes, from here on, we can no longer simply rely on our physical strength and arm strength to advance.
What we need from now on is knowledge. If we have knowledge, we can face many opponents on our own, or we can avoid them in the first place - or even win.
It might even be possible to save the people of the town.
I devoured the "power" that Tippi had given me.
While I was reading, Siona was singing beside Tipi, who had stopped moving.
In the luggage we had taken from the town, there was also a music box belonging to her brother.
From time to time, instead of singing, she turned the handle and played the gentle melody of the music box.
It was a very peaceful and restful time.
With my current "knowledge", it would be possible to live in this place with Siona forever.
That's why I didn't notice .......
I didn't notice ...... that there was something wrong with Siona's body.
"Rei, your meal is ready."
As usual, Siona prepares the meal with a smile.
She dissolved the oral block in water and made it into a kind of soup.
It was very similar to the orange, fizzy soup that she used to make for us in town.
Thank you, this soup cheers me up.
It makes me happy to hear you say that. It turns my heart orange.
But Siona's soup is too small, isn't it?
The amount of soup in the bowl was less than half of what I had.
I'm a phylloid, so this amount is enough for me when I'm in save mode.
Is that so?
Yeah. That's why you should eat well, Ray. I'm a phylloid, so this is enough for me when I'm in save mode.
Oh, ......, why didn't I see that coming?
At this time, ...... her phylloid function was already deteriorating. ......
It's just that she was only operating with half the amount of energy I had, which was more than enough.
As usual, I read the book and Siona sings the song for me.
As I traced the surface of the tablet with my fingertips, I wondered if there was a way to free the people of the town.
Suddenly, the pleasant rhythm of the song stopped.
When I looked up to see if something had happened, I saw that Siona was frozen, holding her mouth.
The music box in her hand had also stopped.
"Siona ......?　What's wrong?"
The music box in her hand also stopped. I'm just singing a little ......."
She said, swooning ...... and taking a breath.
And then she starts singing again, but...
"...... Oh, what?　What pitch was it? ......
"Cio ...... na ......?"
Haha ...... funny, I loved that song so much, just wait, I'll remember it soon ......
Siona closed her eyes and tried again and again to sing out of the broken places.
But the music that poured out of her mouth was nothing like what I knew.
I don't know what's wrong with me. ...... I can't remember my brother's song. ......
"Siona!　Is there anything wrong with my body?
I was an idiot. In the end, it was all about me.
I was so happy with the way she treated me, the way she cared for me, the way she spoiled me, that I didn't think about her. ......
Even though he was caught in an explosion that caused him to lose the artificial skin on his arm as he left town.
'Siona!　You were actually seriously injured in that explosion!"
Siona thought for a moment and then shook her head.
I was fine, yes.
She thought about it for a moment, then shook her head.
But they do hide their words when they think of the ningen.
She said she was fine, so she must not have been harmed by the explosion.
As she said - "That was".
"...... Siona. Let me see what's wrong with you."
"...... Yes."
When prompted by me, Siona hesitated only once and then nodded.
I tried to turn away in embarrassment at the suddenness of it all, but what was there wouldn't let me take my eyes off it.
Siona's taut, white breasts.
There was a small hole in it.
It was .......
Forgetting that it was a woman's body, I approached the wound.
It's a gunshot wound.
I immediately thought back to the time when I was in Mad's store and he protected me from the ningen.
I was hit by a .......
I thought you'd be okay, but I guess you weren't."
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm going to be able to do it.
I know it's a smile to keep me from feeling guilty.
Even at a time like this, he is thinking about me.
......, search!　moda-117 alice m. k-17 maintenance manual!"
In response to my voice, the tablet glows faintly.
But Siona covered the screen with her hand. Then she slowly shook her head.
It's my body," she said, still smiling.
It's my body. You know it best.
'But ...... there might be a way!　You should have told me earlier. ......
No, there's a reason why I didn't tell you.
There's a reason why I didn't tell you. Siona knew that she had a fatal injury that would never heal.
It's a reality that will never change, no matter how hard I try.
It's a horrible thing to say.
The word "death" was floating in my head.
No matter how much I don't want to think about it, it just pops into my head.
I know. I know, I'm going to die soon. I'm a phylloid, so should I say 'break'?"
No, Siona.
You're not going to break.
You're not going to break, you're going to die.
"Haha, I think I'm a little out of it. I can't get any strength into my body. ......"
She slumped her shoulders, and then she fell to the floor.
I'm not sure what to do.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
I don't know how long she's been like this.
I'm not sure why I didn't notice. ......
I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I'm not the only one who can help you.
"Don't worry, ...... Siona is Siona..."
Haha ...... You know, I'm ...... a little scared right now .......
"Siona ...... Siona ......."
"Don't cry, Ray. I'm sure you're not the only one.
Siona's hand reaches out to my cheek.
I'm not sure what to make of this.
I don't want Rei to turn blue, ....... I want her to always be orange and pawpaw. ......"
I was sad.
I was filled with tremendous sadness.
It multiplies infinitely in my mind and does not know how to stop.
As time goes by, the sadness becomes more and more intense.
Why am I sad?
The answer comes quickly.
Because they were important.
They were important to me.
If a phylloid appeared in front of me that looked the same, it would be meaningless.
It doesn't matter if they look different.
It doesn't matter if it looks different, as long as it's you inside.
"Ray ......, I thought you were family. It's not just that you look like my brother, but that's not all. I thought you were important to me.
Family.
Family is an existence where people can trust and help each other for free, even though they have nothing to gain from it.
That's love.
It was an emotion that I had always wanted.
It's not that I don't like it.
It was always given to me by .......
It's a feeling that's all too natural to live with, to walk with.
What's wrong, Ray? ...... Don't look so sad. ...... Yes, let's sing a song, and we can go back to the square and ...... everyone will be happy to see us."
"......Siona......?"
It's what I promised everyone. Ray gave everyone a smile, he made them happy."
It was a memory of happy times. Memories of the good times we had in town.
Perhaps it's a clouding of the memory space.
But .......
...... Yes, let's sing. We're all looking forward to it."
I turned the handle of the music box on the floor.
I turned the handle of the music box on the floor and the melody began to flow quietly.
Siona's cheeks relax and she closes her eyes and begins to sing.
I close my eyes and listen to the music and think back.
It's not a long time, but I remember the scene of the town where I spent my time.
People walking along the street stop and turn around to look at me.
One by one, they gather in the square.
Children, the elderly, someone's mother and her husband, the people of the town are all smiling.
It was as if they were intoxicated by the melody of Siona's song.
I'm sure that scene was commonplace a long time ago.
It didn't matter if you were a ningen or a phylloid, you smiled and spent your time with each other.
It's something that we've forgotten ...... and lost .......
"Hey, Ray, ...... keep smiling, keep smiling.
"......Yeah."
It's okay to be sad, it's okay to be angry ....... But ......, smile afterwards.
"Hey ......, if love had a shape, it would be round. If love had a shape, it would be round, because love would never hurt anyone.
I choked back my tears and smiled.
"Hey ......, if love has a temperature, it must be warm. If love has a temperature, it must be warm.
Yes, ...... it does.
"Because love is there, Ray, you can't be sad. Because love is protective and it won't hurt Ray. I promise you. I promise you, no matter what happens from now on, our love will protect you.
I shed so many tears that I could feel the pain in my eyes.
My vision was distorted.
But I could clearly see Siona's smile through it all.
So don't cry. Love will always be there for you. Love is eternal. You don't need to cry. Because it's forever."
I put my own hand on Siona's hand that was on my cheek.
It was warm, but there was little strength left in it.
It was as if something was spilling out of the gap between my hands.
I knew what was spilling out, but I didn't want to admit it.
But I didn't want to admit it.
I held my hand tightly, hoping that it would not spill out.
I hear a song.
It was the warm melody that Siona always sang to me.
The warm melody that Siona had always sung to me filled the space in my heart that was beginning to fade, filling it with warmth.
I'm sorry, I made you feel alone again.
"No!　That's not true. No, you're not!
I felt like scratching my head.
Now, I finally realized.
Siona wasn't afraid of being destroyed. She was afraid that I would be alone again.
I got a lot of ...... from Siona, a lot of ......!
"Ray?"
I hold her mechanical hand in my ningen hand.
I'm not sure what to make of this.
Shirona was always there for me, and I became a ningen.
I'm not alone anymore, I'll always have her inside me. I will never forget the joy, sorrow, anger and ...... everything you gave me. I'll never forget it."
Oh ...... no, I have to laugh here.
I need to reassure Siona, but my emotions won't allow me to do so. ......
No matter how hard I try, I can't help but burst into tears of sorrow.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to try. I'll be fine. I'll be fine. I'll be fine.
I see. ...... I'm glad to hear that.
I'm not sure what to say.
That ......."
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. I'm not sure what to make of it.
I'm sure it's not ......."
You'll be able to find a lot more information on this subject in the following article.
Now that I'm a ningen, I understand the meaning of those tears.
She smiles back at me, recognizing me immediately.
She smiled back at me and said, "I thought tears were supposed to flow when you were happy, ......."
Siona's strength slowly drained from her body.
I wonder if I'm smiling?　I am.
I'm not sure if I'm smiling enough to keep Shona from getting anxious.
"......See you later."
"See you at ......."
Phew.
I'm sure you'll be able to understand.
In that moment, Siona had probably the most beautiful face I've ever seen.
After that, Siona never opened her eyes again.
Her calm face looked as if she was smiling.
It was as if she was praying for my happiness.
But there is no happiness in a world without her.
My life from now on will be a life of hell itself.
Will I be able to endure it?
...... No, I have to endure it.
I'm not sure what to do.
I'm not sure if this is a good idea, but it's a good idea.
I'm not sure how fragile and weak my heart is.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
My vision went blank and I couldn't see anything.
My vision went completely white, and as if to destroy the world, I raised my voice and sobbed.
"Aaahhhhhhhh...!"
Siona said.
It is true that Siona's love may be eternal.
But I couldn't bear it.
I know, this is how I feel.
This is what Siona gave me.
This pain, this sorrow.
But that's not all.
I can barely feel the warmth that remains in my heart, and the memories of everyone that I can proudly say I had fun with.
All of that was given to me by Shona.
Both of them are mine now.
I'll never give either of them up.
I wonder how much time has passed.
How long does it take for a ningen to sort out their feelings?
I remembered over and over again the time when I met ...... Siona.
I remembered the meal we had together.
When we woke up in the morning and exchanged greetings.
The shopping trip we took together.
The time we went to the abandoned factory and made him worry.
When the music box was fixed, he was so happy.
We sang a song in the town square and smiled at each other.
I made a promise to .......
I learned warmth.
I knew joy.
I have felt anger.
I have cried tears of sadness.
And I got ...... love.
─ Different ...... everything was love.
This tragedy is caused by the stupidity of us ningen, who have lost that love.
We are so selfish, we can't help it.
The same thing will happen again and again at .......
But they will still need someone.
It's instinct. When I woke up here, I wanted to meet a ningen.
It's an instinct to want to walk alongside someone, to seek love.
I can't even realize that it's that simple. ......
I look at the cold sleep device in front of me.
There are still a few of them left, and they were functioning properly, with Siona and Tippi lying on each of them.
Although they were originally designed for ningen, this would help to reduce the deterioration over time.
I wanted to preserve their appearance, if only for a little while.
I mumbled to myself as I looked at the two girls who looked as if they were asleep.
Siona, Tippi ......, I'm going.
There was no reply.
There was no reply.
But I continued.
I'm going on a journey now. I'm going on a journey now, but don't worry, it won't be a journey without a purpose. I'm going to find a world where ningen and phylloid can coexist.
This was also the wish of that young ningen who had been eliminated.
If there was a world where ningen and phylloids could coexist, there would be no need for such sorrow.
If there were a world where ningen and phylloids could coexist, there would be no greater joy than that.
That's why I'm going to find it now.
And if that world doesn't exist..."
I clenched my iron fist, covering it with the palm of my hand.
"No, there will be. There will always be a world that you tried to leave for us.
Finding it will be extremely difficult.
But I have the knowledge that Tippi gave me.
But we have the knowledge that Tippi gave us, and the feelings that Siona gave us.
In this world, I have a partner who continues to convey "love" to me.
So, the journey ahead is not a journey of despair.
I'm going to borrow this. I'll come back to return it someday."
In my hand is a music box that belonged to Siona's brother.
In my hand, I hold her brother's music box, and I turn the handle in front of the sleeping Siona to make the melody of peace echo in the box.
I thought I heard her singing along with the melody.
'I'll be off then.
A world where ningen and phylloid can work hand in hand.
I took that first step.
"Even so, I remained hopeful and continued to reach both arms toward the light."
"Are you awake?"
"...... here, is ......?"
You've just woken up from a long sleep. Do you know your name?
My name is .......
My name is . - Assou International, MODA-117, Alice. It's a mk-17. No individual name assigned.
It seems that the settings have been initialized. It seems that the settings have been initialized, and you will remain Alice for the time being."
The man in front of me held out an old-fashioned wooden box in front of me.
"Is this ......?"
"It was put together with the device you were sleeping in."
I took the box. I felt very nostalgic.
I opened the lid and saw a dull gold disk. I turned the handle on the side of the box, and a clear tone began to play.
A beautiful melody flowed from the metal comb as it was gently played.
It's a tune that's been played for a long time.
It's a melody that I don't have in my records.
It's a melody that I don't have in my records, and yet it makes me feel so nostalgic, warm, and fuzzy inside.
And at the same time, .......
Something hot is spilling out of my eyes.
"We have confirmed that your emotional function is out of control. You may need maintenance."
No, that's not necessary. You can keep those feelings. The only thing left to pass on was ...... knowledge, but it took me a long time to regain the skills to put it to use, I'm sorry.
The man speaks softly to me.
The man speaks softly to me, and I can see a nostalgic look on his face.
It's not in the records - ...... my memories .......
For now. Let's go home after we've done all the maintenance.
Where to, sir?
To town.
It was dazzling outside the facility.
The sky was blue and high in the sky. The sky was blue and high, and white clouds were slowly drifting by in various shapes.
The warm air filled my artificial heart and lungs. A gentle breeze gently caressed my hair.
It was a natural scene.
For some reason, I feel nostalgic about this natural world.
And ...... somehow makes me feel very sad.
I got into my car and drove along the paved road.
The view from the window is beautiful.
It was lush and green.
Small fish jumped on the surface of a beautiful stream.
In the sky, birds were chirping and flying in harmony.
Here we are.
I passed through the gate and arrived at a town surrounded by white walls.
There were many people there.
Ningen and phylloid, hand in hand, going about their normal daily lives.
I felt my eyes burning again at the sight.
I'm sorry, but your emotional functions may be acting up. Your chest rhythm pattern is not normal.
It's okay. I'm sure it's the right thing to do.
You're sure?　If that's the case, am I defective?
No, you're fine. You are more like a ningen than any other phylloid.
As a phylloid, these words made me very happy.
As a phylloid, these words made me very happy, but I couldn't understand why they said that.
I took a long look at the town, which made me feel nostalgic.
In a corner of the square, a ningen child and a child-shaped phylloid are playing happily.
That's a photo shop. The owner of the phylloid store is taking pictures of the Ningen family with a smile.
In the general store off the street, a ninggeng was shopping, and the phylloid shopkeeper was dealing with him in an unsociable manner.
Welcome back, Sensei."
A very pretty girl phylloid came running towards me.
"Hi, I'm back. Have you been a good girl, Dorothy?
"Yes!　I did a lot of painting while you were gone. Here."
With a big smile on her face, the little girl showed me the picture she must have drawn.
The people of the town were laughing in a circle.
The crayon drawing was so warm that just looking at it made my heart warm.
It was a picture that made everyone who saw it feel happy.
You are .　You are ......."
A girl looked up at me.
"Nice to meet you. I'm Alice. Nice to meet you.
"Ali ......s?　Hi Alice. I'm Dorothy because I'm not registered as such.
Yeah, I'm Dorothy, too.
Unregistered phylloid. If I don't have a primary partner, what am I supposed to do?
The man next to me patted me on the shoulder, as if he sensed my anxiety.
"What would you like to do?"
"...... What can I do ......?"
Alice, can you sing?
"Yes, I can sing. Like this."
Dorothy closes her eyes and begins to sing.
It was a familiar song, though a little poorly sung.
It is a song that has been sung for a long, long time. No one in the world knows it.
The man said, and took out a music box from the car.
He opened the lid and turned the handle protruding from the side of the box.
A clear sound is played and a gentle melody begins to flow.
As if drawn by the melody, the people of the town gather around.
Everyone listens to the sound, and their faces become peaceful.
I know this scene.
A memory that was supposed to be completely blank - a memory that was still breathing in a smaller part of the memory - gently tapped my chest.
My mouth naturally moved.
The song, which should have been sung for the first time, was familiar to my throat, lips, and ...... heart.
The melody of the music box filling the square was very nostalgic.
"Wow, it's so beautiful. You're good.
"Yes, this song is ...... very important to me."