The air moved.
The blue-white light that had enveloped me until then faded away.
Eventually, I saw the dirty ceiling.
My right arm, which I was extending toward that spot, was slightly different from my left arm, which was also outstretched.
My right arm is made of bare mechanical parts from the wrist down.
My fingers move smoothly, but each time they do so, there is a small metallic scraping sound.
Then he slowly raised his upper body.
I then slowly raised my upper body, which revealed that the bluish-white light that had been reflected in my vision earlier was a gently curved oval lid.
It seemed that I had fallen asleep inside this capsule-like object.
Where am I?
Who am I?
Why am I here?
I ask myself, but I can't find the answer.
I try to go back in my memory, but all I have is the memory of a pale light.
I decided to get out of the capsule and walk around the room to look for clues to my memory.
I know the act of walking, but it has been a long time since I have done so, and I am not sure how to get on my feet.
He slowly paces, taking care not to fall over.
The air in the air was lukewarm, and dust clung to my throat every time I took in air into my lungs.
Outside light was streaming in through a hole in the ceiling, exposing the dust in the air along its streaks.
Perhaps the building has not been occupied for quite some time.
A thin layer of dust spread beneath my feet.
What is this place for?
The large room was dotted with countless oval capsules.
Most of them are open.
Most of them were open, empty.
Even if some of them were closed, there was nothing inside.
It seems that I am the only one in this room.
--No, not exactly.
There are people present, leaning against oval-shaped objects or rolling on the floor.
But no.
That is not a person, to be precise.
It would be more correct to call it a human-shaped object.
The human-shaped object had mechanical parts peeking out from under its skin.
From the neck up, it is a mechanical part.
A mechanical arm was exposed.
The lower half of the body was torn off, revealing the mechanical parts.
Then I remembered what the human-shaped object was.
A ningen's partner, made for ningen.
It was the closest thing to a ningen, equipped with the five senses as well as emotions.
I reached out my hand to the inactive filoid.
The bare hand, with no skin covering its parts, is very similar to my right hand.
This is a factory.
I was made here.
I guess the facility was abandoned for some reason when it was just about to be completed.
I concluded the most likely possibility as I stared at my mechanical right hand before it was covered with artificial skin.
Realizing my own existence, I started walking toward the wall.
There was an old automatic door, and right next to it was a dusty LCD panel displaying 《CLOSE》.
I touched the machine with my hand.
As soon as I felt something cold, like electricity, on my bloodless fingertips, the door opened, displaying 《OPEN》.
I wondered if I could get out from here.
I wondered if there was anyone left in this facility.
I wanted to meet them.
I wanted to meet the ningen.
I wanted to find my partner.
I pushed open the door to the outside.
To prove my own existence.
When I returned home, I went to the living room first.
There I found a broken music box.
I unraveled a book I had borrowed from the library and learned about its structure.
As I had expected, the gears inside were on.
So no matter how much he turned the handle, the disc would not turn and the sound would not flow.
What should I do with this gear though ......?
Is it possible to make it to the size as described in the book?　No, it is impossible.
Without an answer, we continue through the pages of the book.
At the end of the book, there was a list of products by manufacturer and a list of parts used.
As I skimmed through the book, my gaze was caught in one place.
It turned out that the manufacturer of this music box was also making clocks.
If so, the precision parts might be the same as those used in clocks.
Suddenly, I remembered something I had broken in Mudd's store.
If that watch ...... is to be thrown away because it is no longer useful, it should be .......
If I could use the gears and other parts in the clock, I might be able to fix the music box.
Ray, what are you doing?"
As soon as I see the possibility of repairing it, Siona comes into the living room.
'Siona, listen. I think I might be able to fix the music box with the parts from the clock in Mr. Mudd's store.
'Really?　Really?"
Siona was smiling more happily than usual.
I could tell from her expression that she was pleased.
'But don't take it too hard, okay? I don't need the music box, but I can still sing."
Siona picked up the music box and began to sing.
The song that she used to sing in the chapel.
That nostalgic song.
That song that warms the depths of your heart.
As Siona gazed lovingly at the music box, my resolve grew stronger.
I want to fix this music box.
And I want Shiona to be happy.
This thought swelled up inside me.
Tomorrow, I will go back to Mr. Mudd's store.
I would ask him if he would give me the watch.
But there was one thing I was worried about.
I had broken the watch.
I apologized, but I still felt uncomfortable going there.
I was afraid that Mr. Mudd would yell at me again.
I want to make people smile with this song of yours.
As I hesitated, Shiona's words reached me.
This song is orange ...... and I'm sure it will make many people's hearts orange. It's a song that was written with the hope that it would do that. That is my brother's wish. That's why I want many people to listen to this song. And I want to make many people smile. That is my wish.
Shiona said as if talking to herself.
Those words gave me a boost.
Let's go to Mudd's store one more time tomorrow.
And I will apologize again for breaking the watch.
Siona's voice and the music box strengthened my resolve.
The next day, I visited Mudd's store alone.
I lost count of the number of times I wanted to turn back on the way there.
Every time I did, all I could see was Siona's smile.
I want to keep seeing that smile.
That's why I want to fix the music box.
I thought back over and over again to yesterday's resolution.
What can I do for Shiona?
I went into Mr. Mudd's store with all my heart.
Who the hell do you think you are?
Immediately after that, Mudd's low voice descended on me like a distant thunder.
I wanted to run away immediately, but I did not.
I wanted to apologize to you for yesterday," he said.
You mean about the clock?　I already apologized for that.
I was with Siona at the time, so I thought I'd ...... apologize to her alone.
I don't need that. Get the hell out of here.
I'm not going to let that happen. I'm really sorry I broke your watch yesterday.
No matter how much you apologize, your watch is still broken.
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
I kept my head down and kept apologizing.
I wonder how much time passed.
I was so sorry," said Mudd's soft voice.
...... face up."
I did as I was told, and there was Mudd's face, looking somewhat dismayed.
I'm not going to be able to get a hold of you. He's a persistent son of a bitch.
I'm sorry, .......
Don't apologize again, or I'll kick your ass.
The first thing to do is to make sure that you have a good time.
I thought I heard a small sigh.
I'm sorry," he said, "but I'm going to hit you.　Get the hell out of here.
I have one favor to ask of you.
A favor?　You've got some nerve asking me for a favor.
The intimidating feeling of the situation makes my legs slow down, but Siona's words push me back to my feet.
She said, "Would you give that watch ...... to me?"
...... say it again.
"That ...... watch from yesterday, will you give it to me?
"Fuck you!"
I froze in place with a shock as if a bolt of lightning had struck me.
I was frozen in place as if I had been hit by a bolt of lightning.　Don't get carried away!
I can't do this anymore .......
No more .......
As I was about to run away, a voice came from behind me.
'Wait a minute, Mr. Mudd. Ray just wants to fix my brother's music box."
There was Siona, who was supposed to be waiting at home.
Siona was undaunted by Mr. Mudd and came between me and him.
She said, "My brother's music box is broken and Ray wants to fix it for me. I just need parts for it. I am also really sorry that I broke the clock yesterday. So can you please forgive him?"
Siona kept smiling and told Mr. Mudd.
'Nn...... nn-.......'
Mr. Mudd's face was bright red, but his expression gradually softened.
But I don't have that watch anymore. I threw that thing away. It's just ......."
Mudd turned his back to us, but kept his mouth moving.
He threw it away at an abandoned factory on the outskirts of town. I don't know what happened to it.
With that, he sat down, facing the wall.
Thank you, Mr. Mudd.
Siona bowed and left the store without breaking into a smile.
'Oh, thank you very much. ......
I bowed and left the store as well.
The abandoned factory is right around the corner from where Rey had collapsed.
As soon as I left the store, Siona told me.
'Um, you're saying that Siona goes there to dump garbage?
Yes, she is. Yes, there is a lot of trash there, from all over the place.
Do you pick it up, fix it up, and sell it here?
Yes, that's right. Mr. Mudd often goes there.
I see. That's why there were so many old things in the store.
I guess they bring usable things from that place and reuse them.
Anyway, I decided to go to the abandoned factory.
"Siona, I would like you to show me the way to the place, if you don't mind.
I'm sorry, but the red children are supposed to be at my house today.
I'm sorry, but the red children are supposed to come to my house today," she said.
I remember that I had promised to treat them to soup.
But Ray, you can't go alone, can you? I'm going to turn down the appointment with the children.
She said, "No, that's okay, Shiona. No, it's okay, Shiona. You can keep your promise.
But how will you get there?
I'll go to the library. I want to know more about the area, and I want to look at a map.
"The library: ......."
Siona's expression seems to have clouded a little.
The "eh,......, no, it's nothing. The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you're looking for. 
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a look at your own personal personal information. I don't think she hates me, but why?
I don't think he hates me. I'm sure you can find a map in the library. Have a good day.
"Yeah, I will. I'll see you later.
She turned on her heel and headed for the library.
I saw Shiona's smile at that time, but it seemed to me that it was filled with some sadness.
But I don't know why.
Ray, you came.
Tippy was in the same place as yesterday, shedding tears in the same way.
Yes, I'm here. Hey Tippy, can I ask you something?
Do you have a map of the town in this library?
Yes, they do. Yes, they have a lot of maps.
Good. That's good. Can you show me where the maps are?
I can, but I have to go to ...... but .......
Tippy was somewhat brusque.
No, it's not that. ...... it's not that, but ......
"Can you hold me?"
Tippy's face reddened a little.
The sad expression on his face is unchanged, but his cheeks seem to have softened a little.
The "...... pick you up?　The one you did yesterday?
Yes,......, no?
No, it's not a no-no. Come on, come here."
"Yeah. ......, yeah. ......."
I spread my hands and Tippy stood up and jumped into my chest somewhat hesitantly.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a look at the actual product or service and expect it to be just like it was yesterday.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a look at the actual product or service and expect it to be just as good.
The Tippie I held in my arms was still small and soft, and I felt like it was going to break.
Tippy, is this okay?
Yes, it's good. Ray ...... is warm.
Tippy was rubbing her cheek against my chest.
The gesture made me feel warm inside my chest.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a look at the pictures and say, "I love you.
I want to protect this girl.
I want to stop her tears.
I held Tippy in my arms for a while.
You know, you should go that way.
Tippy pointed her fingertips toward the pathway in my chest.
I held her up and headed in the direction indicated by her fingertips.
Why is Chizu here?
I heard there is an abandoned factory near the town. I wanted to go there.
Why the abandoned factory?
Because I think I might be able to find the parts I'm looking for there.
Is that the Oorigoru I saw yesterday?
Yes, that's right. I really want to fix your brother's music box.
"I see that you have a ...... in Siona. I hope you find it.
Tippi, in my arms, led me without hesitation to the bookshelf where the map book was kept.
Do you remember where all the books are, by any chance?
"Yeah, pretty much."
"That's great. ...... Did someone tell you?"
"No," he said. No, I learned it by myself while I was waiting for my father and mother.
When I mentioned the words "daddy and mommy," Tippy's eyes started to tear up a little.
Let's see, ......, is this it?"
To change the subject, I took out a map book.
I sat there and opened the book.
Like the music box book, the maps were also handwritten.
Could it be that all the books in this library are handwritten?
If so, that's a lot of books.
Who in the world would have handwritten such a large number of books?
The endless hours of work involved are almost mind-boggling.
The book looks pretty beat up.......How old is this book?
I don't know, ....... It's a book from a long, long time ago.
It seemed like a map from decades ago.
The buildings themselves seem to be the same as the streets of today,.......
The pages were badly faded, as if tea had been spilled on them.
Some of them were stuck on and looked as if they would tear if I rolled them up.
I carefully moved on to the next page.
"Oh, could it be this one?"
In the northern part of the town, I found a map symbol of a factory.
From the direction of Siona's house, there was a good chance that this was the place.
"Ray, are you going to ......?　Don't go ......."
Tippy clung to my neck.
I repeatedly patted his small back with my hand.
I'll be back.
I'll be back.　Will you really come back?
Yes, of course. I promise.
Absolutely.　You'll come back for sure, for sure, for sure.
"Yes. Absolutely, absolutely.
Over and over again, I made promises to Tippy.
I don't know why.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't leave the place you are in.
The feeling of wanting to stay by Tippi's side was welling up inside of me.
Hiding this feeling, I left the library.
I entered an abandoned factory that I had found with the help of a map, and the smell of oxidized oil filled my nose.
This factory must have originally made phylloids' arms and legs.
There were parts of the arms and legs of a phylloid, still in the process of being made, lying all over the place.
All of them had not yet been covered with artificial skin, and their mechanical parts were exposed.
If you look closely, you can see that they are made the same way as my right hand.
Even though I knew it was a fake, the sight was bizarre.
In order to move my arm, which was lying on the ground, I move it away with my right hand.
The sad sound of metal colliding with metal echoed through the factory.
If by some chance any part of my body was broken, I would come here.
There is a mountain of replacement parts here.
In the back of the building, there were several drums filled with oxidized oil lying around.
Most of the oil was oxidized, but some of it was still unopened.
If the oil ran out, we would be able to perform maintenance here without being seen.
The further I walked through the factory, the more I realized that the problem I had been holding in the corner of my mind had been solved.
This abandoned factory would be an important place for me.
But I can't find anything vital.
That is, of course, the clock that Mr. Mudd had thrown away in this place.
However, there is nothing in the factory, not even the clock, that could be considered trash.
Could it be that the trash was dumped outside, not inside the factory?
I decided to leave the factory and go around the perimeter.
I found an area at the back of the factory where machine parts were piled up high.
Not only machine parts, but also a lot of garbage.
This must be the town's garbage dump.
In addition to Mr. Mudd, there must be others who are taking usable items home from here.
I thought about that as I looked up at the pile, which was many times taller than I was.
I wondered, "......, where is it all?"
There was quite a lot of trash.
It would take a lot of work to find it, but there was no other way.
But there was no other way.
I decided to start my search from the foot of the mountain.
I don't know how long it took.
My sense of time was long gone.
My hands were dirty from moving muddy metal plates and containers covered in waste oil.
My clothes were covered in grease, and before I knew it, there were tons of stains on them.
After that, I continued to cross carpets of trash, swim rivers of filth, and get hit by waterfalls of scraps.
Finally, I found it.
It was in Mud's store.
Yesterday I had broken it.
That clock.
I picked it up and stared at the hands on the dial.
Naturally, it wasn't moving.
I put my ear to the main body of the watch, but it didn't make any sound.
It was only natural, since I had broken it.
This clock will probably never tick again.
That fact made a small prick in my heart.
Gently, I hugged the clock and decided to head home.
Siona gently welcomes me home.
I'm home. Here it is.
Siona smiled softly as she held out the oil-stained loot to me.
Thank you," she said. Here, change your clothes.
She had prepared a towel and a change of clothes.
After wiping off the dirt and getting dressed, I headed for the living room.
There, too, Siona welcomed me.
She said, "Rey, you must be tired, right?　Eat your dinner and get some rest.
No, I'm fine. I want to get to work right away.
Are you all right?　I'm worried about you.
I'm fine. I'm fine. I don't feel tired right now, for some reason.
But I have to eat. ......
Yeah, I know. I'll eat later.
I'll eat first." "......, yeah, okay. Good luck.
Siona left the living room.
I saw her back and started to work.
I opened the book I had borrowed from the library.
This music box has a mechanism whereby turning the handle causes the discs to spin at a constant speed through the intricate intertwining of the variously sized cogs inside.
It seems that the faster you turn it, the faster the song goes.
I thought that was a very impressive technology.
Following the assembly instructions in the book in reverse order, I disassembled the music box.
When I checked the parts against each other, I found that the cogwheel that transmits the power in the middle of the music box was broken.
I wondered how something that moves so precisely could be rendered immobile by the loss of just one small part.
I couldn't help but look at my right hand.
I started to look for something the same size as the broken cogwheel in the clock.
I then began to disassemble the watch.
I remove the cover and use a screwdriver to unscrew the screws.
Once the cover was removed, the inner structure was revealed.
The gears, much more precise than those of a music box, are interlocked in layers.
One of the gears, a slightly larger one, had a broken shaft. The shaft of one of the cogs, a slightly larger one, had broken off, preventing the part from turning.
This must be where I broke it yesterday.
If Mr. Mudd threw away this watch, then there was nothing in the same size as this cogwheel.
Fortunately, the broken cog wasn't the size needed for a music box.
The idea of taking things apart is somewhat daunting.
I am breaking this clock in order to fix the music box.
I wonder if it is because I know what kind of a being I am.
Hesitantly, I disassembled the clock as carefully as I could, at least as a gesture of goodwill.
I put the cogs of the clock on the table, starting with the smallest, and compared them with those of the music box.
There it was: ......."
We were able to find a cogwheel of a size that would be approximately the same.
Now all I have to do is follow the book and transplant this into the music box.
I think this should work fine. ......
The disk should now work without any problems.
I put the lid back on, turned the handle, and felt a response.
But the handle would not turn any further.
I wondered why.
I reread the book.
The parts and the position of the parts are fine.
With a twist of my head, I removed the lid again.
Then, I tried to turn the handle as it was.
Sure enough, the gears were in perfect alignment.
However, the oil seemed to have completely dried out because it had not been used for a while.
That must be the reason why the handle would not turn.
What should I do?
Shall I go to Siona and borrow some cooking oil?
......No, that is also a problem.
The oil used in cooking and the lubricating oil for the gears would be different kinds.
It might work at first, but it might cause a breakdown.
Then, what should I do ......?
I looked at my right hand.
It was covered by a glove, but there were bare mechanical parts underneath.
How about using the oil used for my hand?
I removed my gloves and took a closer look at my right hand.
The exposed mechanical parts.
Oil is built into the inside of the hand to make the parts move smoothly.
I inserted a screwdriver into my palm near the base of my thumb.
When I removed the exterior, I found that it was filled with wiring, cylinders, shafts, and other mechanisms for moving the hand of the machine.
One of the cylinders was filled with oil.
And it was removable so that the old oil could be easily replaced.
I removed the cylinder with my left hand and poured the oil that filled it onto the cogs of the music box.
I spread the oil with my fingertips so that I could get it into all the gears as much as possible.
Would it work?
I put the cylinder back in my right hand and re-fastened the exterior.
I cover the arm of the machine with a glove, and then I turn the handle with trepidation.
At first, it was awkward. But as I turn the handle, the gears run with lubrication.
The oil must have been absorbed into all the cogs, and the handle continued to turn without a hitch.
And then that melody began to play.
Ray, that song ......!"
Siona suddenly entered the room.
Ray, that's the song! It's fixed, Siona.
Thank you ......, Ray. Thank you ......, I'm very, very happy."
Siona smiled at me in a way she had never smiled before.
Just looking at that smile, I feel a warmth in my heart.
And then I realized.
Ah, this is it.
This is the feeling of happiness.
I am happy now.
I am happy to see Shiona's smile.
And for the first time, I felt useful.
Thank you Ray, thank you.
She took my hand and thanked me again and again.
I could feel my face heat up at the sight of her approaching face.
Thanks to your hard work, the music box is back in working order," she said. I can listen to that song again, which I had given up on. My brother wrote this song in orange. This song that I love so much. ......"
Hey, Siona, sing it for me. Sing me that song, your brother's song.
"Yes, ......, of course!
I turn the handle of the music box.
Siona folded her hands in front of her chest and began to sing along with the melody.
The song she had been singing when we first met.
The song that Siona's brother wrote.
The orange song.
I could understand the meaning of the song now.
The emotion in my heart is joy.
Shiona's song.
And Shiona sings happily.
Just by watching her, I was filled with joy.
She was singing the song with more joy than usual.
That day, she sang all the way until she fell asleep.
I was also listening to her voice and tone.
Again and again she asked me to play the song.
She kept singing until her arms could no longer move.
The look on her face made me think.
I want to be with her like this forever.
If Shiona wishes that, I can be with her forever.
But in order to do that, I must never let my true identity be revealed.
Never, ever .......
That day, I made a decision to be with Siona forever.
At night, in a darkened room.
On two beds side by side, Shiona talks to me.
Will you do me a favor?
I want this song to be heard by many people. I want to make people smile. I want to make people happy with this song that you wrote.
I only know the words.
But I didn't know what they were.
Is it a state of being?
Or is it an emotion?
I kept ruminating on the word "happiness" over and over in my head.
So, you know, I need your help.
Help?　What do you want me to do?
Tomorrow, I want you to go with me to the square. Tomorrow, I want you to go with me to the square and turn the music box.
And Siona will sing?
Yes, that's right. And I want as many people as possible to hear it. I want as many people as possible to hear that orange song that my brother made. ......
Yes, I'd like that too. Of course I'll help you."
I heard the sound of sheets rubbing against each other.
What's wrong, Shiona?
Hey, Ray,......, can I hold your hand?"
The dark makes it hard to see her face.
But I thought Siona's face was getting red.
　The actuality that you can't get a good deal more than a few of these.
Yes, I want to hold hands with Rey.
I search in my knowledge.
I know the act of holding hands.
But what does it mean if it's a man and a woman of your age ......?
No, that's okay. ......
If Ningen wants me to ...... Siona, I'm willing to do it.
Fortunately, she is on the left side of me.
I think the hand covered with artificial skin will be fine.
I reach out my hand to the bed next to mine.
In the cold room, my outstretched hand feels a little chilly.
I look for Shiona's hand in the air.
I feel the warmth of her hand.
Shiona's hand rests on my hand.
It's warm, Ray.
Yes,......, it's warm, Shiona.
We held hands.
Our fingers became intertwined.
A warmth spread out, not just the warmth emanating from our hands.
I wonder if this is the warmth of a ningen, different from my fake warmth. ......
Ray ...... more strongly.
"...... like this......?"
I'm sorry, did that hurt?
"No,...... it was just stronger than I thought.
Are you okay with this intensity?"
"Yeah. ...... Thanks, Ray."
We held hands all night long.
Our hands remained linked until morning woke us up.
The next day, the square was filled with sound.
A melody that both I and Siona began to play.
Siona sang.
I was turning Shiona's brother's music box.
At first, there were no pedestrians.
But as if drawn by Siona's singing voice, the number of people started to increase.
One or two people stopped and soon a small circle was formed.
The circle soon grew larger, and in no time at all, the once deserted plaza became a bustling place.
Everyone present was listening to Siona's singing.
A young couple was holding each other's hands.
The old man closed his eyes, deeply moved.
The young man gazed at the woman a short distance away.
The young parents and their children were laughing happily.
The children were moving their bodies to the songs.
Each of them was listening to Siona's song with their own feelings.
But there was one thing in common.
Everyone had a smile on their face.
Listening to Siona's song, everyone was smiling.
I felt a warmth in my heart, knowing that I was helping to bring smiles to the faces of those present.
This is the feeling of joy.
This is what I felt yesterday when I saw Siona's smile.
This is what I felt yesterday when I saw Siona's smile.
I am happy.
I felt my cheeks rise a little.
I'm sure I'm smiling too.
Maybe it's a little awkward looking, but that's okay.
But that's okay.
If I can get a little closer to Siona, I'm happy with that.
The newly repaired music box continued to play its melody without a hitch.
The handle was in good condition.
The sound from the disc reverberated inside the wooden box, amplifying the sound and making it clearer and clearer as it went out.
According to Siona, it is an orange melody.
Shiona sings along with the melody.
I wish this time could last forever and ever.
This time that can make people smile.
And I wanted to watch her happy singing profile for a long, long time.
Suddenly, my gaze turns to the library on the outskirts of town.
I felt the closed curtains sway a little.
For a moment, I could see a small figure.
I know who it is.
It was that blue girl who is always crying.
It was Tippy.
She is probably crying even now.
In that solitary library.
Just thinking about it, I felt a small pain in my heart.
It was as if I had been pricked by a thorn.
I wonder how Tippy was feeling as she gazed at this circle.
The circle of smiles that kept expanding.
Everyone there was smiling and sharing the same feelings.
Among them, I noticed one person with a frown on his face.
That person with the angry shoulders and folded arms was Mr. Mudd.
He was the only one who looked out of place, with an emotion called "anger" on his face.
I suddenly locked eyes with Mr. Mudd, who was carrying an emotion that I did not yet know existed.
It lasted less than a second.
Muddy-san immediately sniffs and turns away, disappearing into the crowd.
Watching him, I thought to myself, "I wish I could make him smile.
I want to make everyone smile.
Two people expressing sadness and anger.
I want to make Tippy and Mud smile.
But what should I do?
I kept thinking about that as I turned the handle of the music box.
After the song was over, I went to Mudd's store by myself.
I couldn't help but notice the frown on his face.
I stepped into the dark and eerie store with trepidation.
There were no customers.
Only Mr. Mudd was sitting in the cashier's chair.
But there is something strange about him.
Unlike before, he was not slumped over in his chair.
He was just staring at a small rectangular chip in his hand.
His expression is as stern as ever, but there is a hint of loneliness in it.
I asked, "Um, ...... Mr. Mudd?"
When I spoke to him, Mr. Mudd hid the chip in his palm, looking flustered.
Oh, oh, what do you want?　Why did you come in here without permission?
I mean, it's a store, you're free to come in. ......
Don't be ridiculous!　You are an insolent bastard to enter the store without my permission!
He is being very unreasonable.
But I can't believe Mr. Mudd didn't notice me coming in, he must have been very focused on that chip.
I mean that chip you're hiding in the palm of your hand.
I'm not hiding anything!
But I saw it. If you're not hiding it, open your palm and look inside...
Shut up and get out!　And don't come back!
As if pushed by his words, I was kicked out of Mr. Mudd's store.
I had come here to make Mr. Mudd smile, but I had done the exact opposite.
Siona was waiting for me in front of the store.
Her smile warmed my heart a little.
What is that?　Why is Siona here?"
I was wondering where Ray was going, so I followed him.
I came here to make Mud smile. I came here to make him smile, but I made him mad again. ......
"Make Mud smile? ....... That's a very difficult thing to do. So don't worry about it. Mr. Mudd gets angry all the time.
But today he seemed angrier than usual.
More than usual?　What's wrong?
I don't know. I asked him about the tip.
"...... tip?"
Yeah, it's a rectangular chip that fits in the palm of your hand," he said. Mud was staring at it. ......
I showed him the size of the chip that Mudd was holding with my finger.
She looked at me and her eyes widened a little, as if she had an idea what the chip was.
She asked, "Did you by any chance ask him about that chip?"
'Yes, I did. Then she suddenly became angry.
'Mm-hm, I see. Ray, I don't blame you.
"I can't help it?　What do you mean?
That chip is Mr. Mudd's treasure.
Mr. Mudd's treasure?　What's in it?
It's got to be a movie that Mr. Mudd's son made.
His movies?　Mr. Mudd's son is a filmmaker?
Yes, he is. He left this town a long time ago and never came back.
Siona says this while looking at the store.
He looks troubled, but doesn't break into a smile,...... with a strange mixture of those two emotions.
'But why are you only staring at the chips?　Why don't you just watch the movie?"
'That's impossible. We don't have the equipment in this town to play that chip.
So you're just staring at it because you can't see it even if you wanted to?
I'm sure he does. He's too shy to talk about it.
At that moment, I had an idea.
I thought of a way to make Muddy smile.
No, it's nothing. Siona, I've got a place I want to go, so go ahead and head back."
"You want to stop by ......?"
Yeah, I need to check something out.
"The ...... library?"
I thought Siona looked somewhat surprised.
I wondered if she was worried about me not being used to the town yet.
I'll make sure I'm not late.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a break from your work and go to the library.
She opened her mouth as if she wanted to say something, but then quickly closed it.
And once. The first time I saw her, she was biting her lip lightly for a moment and then smiling.
I'll be careful, Rey. Be careful, Ray.
I left Shiona in front of Mudd's store and walked out of town by myself.
The library was still dimly lit and the air was stagnant.
I made my way through the maze of the library in a straight line without getting lost.
I headed straight for the blue girl who was always shedding tears.
Ray, you came!
Tippi, upon seeing me, stood up and ran over to me.
I held her small body gently in my arms.
I held her in my arms and hugged her gently, "Yes, I promised.
I'm so happy to see you. I'm so happy.
Tippi buried her face in my stomach.
I could see her tears streaming down her face through her clothes.
Tippy, what were you doing?
"Drawing. Come here, Ray."
Tippy took my hand and led me to the place where Tippy was sitting.
I found a piece of construction paper and a crayon lying on the ground where Tippi was sitting.
There was a drawing on the paper.
Tippy drew this?
Yes. Yes, I've been drawing one by one, day by day.
Tippy said, and resumed his work.
He looked into the picture.
There was a girl singing and a boy turning a music box.
Tippy, is it possible that this is ......?
It's Ray and Shiona, singing in the square. They are singing in the square.
I knew Tippi was watching us through the curtains.
When I thought of Tippy staring at us alone, for some reason, my heart ached.
Ray, what's wrong?　What's wrong?
The girl's eyes looked up at me with a hint of sadness.
I put my hand on Tippi's head to comfort her.
It's okay, it's nothing. That's a very nice drawing.
Thank you for ......, I'm glad."
The first time I saw her, she was so happy to see me.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a look at the pictures and expect to see a smile on your face.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't get a better deal than this.
You said you paint one every day, but do you have other paintings?"
Yes, I do. Ray, come here.
Tippy stood up, took my hand in his and led me to the back of the library.
There, I found the picture.
Tippi must have put it there herself, for there were several pictures low on the wall.
This is the picture I drew yesterday, this is the day before that, and this is the day before that: ......
Tippy explains one by one.
The picture of a girl holding hands with a young man.
A young man and another girl visiting a girl.
And a picture of a girl crying alone.
Oh, I see.
This is Tippi's picture diary.
After that, there were pictures of a girl crying alone.
Since I came here, Tippi is no longer alone.
The girl's expression in the picture seemed to soften a little.
It must be Tippi's emotion itself.
But it is still only a sadness in her face.
I wanted to make her smile, too.
What can I do to make her smile?
I can't think of an answer.
The only thing I can say is that I will be there for Tippy.
Hey Ray, what kind of book did you come to look for today?
Tippi looked up at me with a sad expression on her face, tugging at her sleeve.
I'm looking for a device that can project images.
Yes, I do. It's just a few blocks from here.
Can you show me?
"Yeah, sure. Yes.
Then Tippy held out his hands.
The stuffed bear in his right hand was dangling in the air.
Take me in your arms.
I took Tippi in my arms.
She rubbed her cheek against my chest, just as she had done before.
Over there, Ray.
I began to lead her to the book she was looking for.
The book was on the second floor of the library.
The book was on the second floor of the library, on one of the shelves where projectors, projectors, and other visual materials from the past, present, and future are gathered.
The book I want to read must be here.
The books on the shelves were all handwritten, just like the music box books and maps.
But there seemed to be many types of projectors, some using film, some using disks, and so on.
What kind are you looking for?
"Something that can project a chip this size, you know?"
I showed him the size of the chip that Mr. Mudd had and made it with my finger.
I showed him the size of the chip that Mr. Mudd had on his finger.　The corners are only one diagonal?"
"The corners looked like they were missing ...... diagonals, I think ......."
I didn't look too closely at it, so I can't say with confidence.
But Tippy nodded his head, albeit in a small way.
I'm not sure I can say with certainty, but Tippy nodded his head.
Yes, it was Mud's chip.
I was surprised that Tippi also knew Mudd, but there was nothing strange about it since she was the owner of the general store in this town.
Even Siona knew about Mr. Mudd's tip, and maybe everyone in town knew about it.
And it was probably well known that Mr. Mudd was stubborn and wouldn't look inside.
'Um, ...... then ...... this."
Standing on tiptoe, Tippy pointed to a book on a shelf just out of reach.
Tippy," he said, "that's great.　I knew it, you remember where all the books are.
Tippi stood on the shelf and pointed to a book that was just out of her reach. I'm praised!
Tippy pressed his face against my stomach.
I'm not sure what to expect, but I'm sure I'll be able to find it.
The book was more like an instruction manual than a ...... book.
The book contains a detailed description of the types of media and chips that can be used to play the Mumm projector.
The internal structure and wiring were also carefully described.
It appeared to be a projection-type playback device that could project the contents recorded on a portable chip onto a screen or white wall.
If I could find this device, I could show Mr. Mudd the movie on the chip.
Thank you Tippy, I found the information I wanted.
...... already gone?"
Tippy looks up at me with a sad expression.
I'm sorry," he said.
I'm sorry. I'm not going to go.
The most important thing to remember is that the best way to get the most out of your car is to make sure that it is in the right place at the right time.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a look at the pictures and say, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
The warmth of her innocence shook my resolve.
But I have to go.
Right now, I want to make Mud happy.
I want to see his smile.
Tippy, I promise you. I'll be back tomorrow, I promise.
"Tomorrow ......?　Are you sure it's ......?
Yes, I'm sure. I'll be there.
You're not leaving ......?
"Yes, I'm not going away. I'll come see you every day, I promise.
I'll see you at ....... I'll be waiting for you.
With a tug on my hair, I left the library, leaving the blue girl - Tippy - behind.
You're here again!　What the hell are you doing here?
As soon as I visited the store, I was greeted by Mud's angry shouts.
I wanted to run away.
I wanted to cover my ears.
But I didn't.
I wanted to fulfill Mr. Mudd's wishes.
I wanted to do him a favor, "Mr. Mudd, I have a favor to ask you. Can I borrow your son's chip?
The chip with your son's movie on it.
Why should I lend it to you, you son of a bitch!
Please. ......, please.
"Enough of your meddling!　You're bothering me!
I'm ...... trying to help you, Mud!
Helpful?
The fearful emotion begins to work as Mr. Mudd's eyes become even sharper, and his throat atrophies.
He loses strength in the moving parts of his knees and also feels flustered.
I want to run away right now...... but I can't hesitate here.
'Siona told me about that chip. She told me that her son left town to become a film director. She told me that her son left town to become a filmmaker.　But you couldn't watch it for a long time because you didn't have the equipment to play it, right?"
I ran my words fast, trying to suppress my fear.
I was so excited that Mr. Mudd looked at me with a slightly surprised expression on his face.
I went to the library just now. I went to the library to see if I could find out which equipment would play it.
You went to the ...... library?
At the word "library," Mudd's face showed more surprise.
Yes,...... I'm going to look for a device that can play that chip. If the device is broken, I will fix it. If I can't find one, I'll make one, even if it has to be made from various parts.
Why are you going to such lengths? It's none of your business.
It may be true that it is none of your business, but I want to do it. But I want to do it.
I just want to be useful to Mr. Mudd. ...... that's all. So, please help me.
Silence followed.
Is this a silence of affirmation, or is it--?
He was the dumbest son of a bitch I've ever known."
Mr. Mudd sat back in his chair and looked up at the ceiling.
Then, with a somewhat sad expression on his face, he began to tell me his story.
He and I fought all the time.
Whenever we saw each other, all we did was fight.
So, for some reason, he started avoiding me.
Or maybe it was me who was avoiding him.
Anyway, we often didn't see each other.
So I was surprised when he said, "I need to talk to you.
I'm leaving town.
"Leaving town?　What the hell are you talking about?
I'm going to leave town and become a movie director. I love movies after all.
Don't just talk about your dreams. You can't direct a movie. There is no way you can do it.
Don't tell me it's impossible!　You'll never know until you try!
I'm your father. I'm your father. No one will watch a film directed by a director who has no talent.
Some people recognized me!　I've had results!　You just don't recognize me!
You can't even dream in a town like this!
This town?　Say that again.
I'll say it all you want. I can't live the rest of my life in a store like this in a town like this.
You ...... are a piece of work. ......
I'll say it all you want!　You're afraid to change!
You've been doing the same thing every day since your mother died.
I couldn't help but hit him.
I hit him. "......, you're always violent like that. I'm already a mess."
...... okay, get out of here."
I'll do that. You can keep doing the same thing here forever.
My son left home.
Since then, he hasn't contacted me even once.
The only thing he sent me was a movie on this chip.
How am I supposed to watch something I don't have the equipment to play?
I can't forgive him for being so selfish.
I don't want to see this movie.
I don't want to see his face any more.
I was surprised at Mud's unusually eloquence.
The more I listened to his thoughts and feelings, the more I felt my heart soar.
If Mr. Mudd really hates his son, there is no need for him to hold on to the unplayable chip forever.
If Mr. Mudd really disliked his son, he would not have sent him the film he had made.
I am sure he wants Mr. Mudd to see this film.
I think he sent that chip to Mr. Mudd with some kind of thought in mind.
That's why I want to show this movie to him.
I bowed my head again.
Please!　Please lend me the chip!"
Mr. Mudd came in front of me silently.
I was prepared to be yelled at, but I was no longer afraid.
I was more interested in doing something useful for him.
But he handed me the chip in his hand.
Suit yourself.
I looked at the chip again.
It was a metal core covered with organic glass, running electronic circuits that sparkled in every color of the rainbow.
I had seen one of these before. It was a general-purpose chip, used for memory backup in filoids.
It had become a worldwide standard, and most manufacturers used this format.
It might be possible to playback the film even without Mumm's projector.
I clutched the chip and bowed my head in the direction of Mr. Mudd.
An abandoned factory on the outskirts of town.
I stepped into a pile of trash behind the factory.
If there was any equipment to recycle Mudd's chip, I knew it would be in this abandoned factory.
If there had been one in town, it would have already been in use by now.
Mixed in with the trash was a lot of equipment of some sort.
Some of the wiring has been disconnected, some of it has rusted away.
As far as I can tell, it's all unusable.
It is unlikely that the projector itself is in this place. But I think we can find at least some parts such as the base.
That is exactly what I told Mr. Mudd, I will assemble the chip so that it can be reproduced, even if I have to join the parts together.
This is the only place I can rely on.
If we don't do something here, Mr. Mudd will always have that look on his face.
I won't let that happen.
I don't want that to happen.
With just that one thought in mind, I started to chip away at the pile of scraps.
But no matter how hard I search, I can't find the equipment I'm looking for.
I'm sure Mr. Mudd must have looked for it before.
No,...... maybe Mr. Mudd is still looking for it.
Siona said. Mudd fixes things he picks up at this dump and sells them at the general store.
I wonder if his real purpose was to find a projector to regenerate his son's chip.
If so, I wonder how Mr. Mudd feels about not being able to find it so far. ......
I wonder what he was thinking when he picked up ...... something else instead of the projector and repaired it.
I broke Mr. Mudd's watch like that.
Oh,......, I see,...... that's why Mr. Mudd was angry.
That watch was an object in that process of trying to get back something that was important to Mr. Mudd.
This is speculation. But I hope so.
If that is the case, I would not be able to easily find what Mr. Mudd has been looking for.
Still, I will not give up.
Finding the projector would be my greatest atonement to Mr. Mudd for breaking his watch. ......
I was dragging a piece of equipment larger than my body when I felt a strange sensation in my right hand.
I felt a strange sensation in my right hand.
A very small discomfort...... I felt an awkwardness in the operation of my finger joints.
I wondered if I had run out of oil or if something had broken down.
If I keep working like this, it might not be so good.
I couldn't stop moving my hands.
I was sure that even Mud would be looking for something within my reach.
I looked up at the pile of scrap metal that was much taller than I was.
I might be able to climb it, being lighter than Mudd.
With that thought in mind, I started to climb up the ugly, unmaintained stairs.
I felt the water hit my back.
I looked up at the sky and saw heavy drops of rain falling from the sky.
'Ray, let's not do this anymore.'
The voice came from lower than my feet.
I turned around and there she was.
She was soaking wet and looking up at me.
It's raining," she said. I'm going to catch a cold if it keeps raining.
Don't worry, I'll look around some more, thank you.
Even if you don't find her, I'm sure Mr. Mudd will be pleased that you tried so hard.
Don't worry, Shiona. It's okay, Shiona, just a little more.
I continued working.
I was soaked to the skin.
But I'm already soaking wet. Let's stop. You must be tired.　No one will blame you if you give up.
She said soothingly.
I'm worried about your body, let's not do this.　It would be sad if you got hurt, Ray. It's important to ...... give up.
'There may be another way, so let's go home today. I've got some orange po'boy soup ready for you.
Let's go home now,...... Ray, let's go home...Hey, Ray,...... I'm worried about you,...... Ray."
Still, I kept going.
The pouring rain did not discourage me, and I continued to search.
I pulled out a rotting steel plate.
Immediately, a small avalanche of scraps would start.
I backed away from the roaring scraps as they came crashing down under my feet.
Look out, Ray!"
Siona's voice causes me to turn around and see a pile of scraps pouring down from behind me.
The pile behind her was also avalanching in the same way.
Almost swallowed up, he somehow managed to run up over the crumbling scraps.
After a while, the avalanche subsided and all that remained was the sound of rain.
Are you all right, Ray?　Are you hurt?"
Yes, I managed to ...... get out of the way, but it was a close call.
I'm really ...... glad you're okay, thank God. ......
Shiona exclaims in relief.
I stood up, as if to prove that I was safe.
Oh,...... Ray, that."
The warmth warmed my rain-cold hands.
The pile of crumbled scraps from earlier. Among them, there was a piece of equipment that looked familiar.
It was the same device that was in the book that Tippy had shown me.
When I dug it out and looked at the surface of the device, I found the word "MUME" written in graffiti on it.
'There it is...... Siona, here it is!　There it is!"
He lifted it up and held it high so that Siona could see it.
The water that had accumulated inside began to flow out with a tilt.
We did it, we did it, Shiona!　I finally found it!　Now I can get Mr. Mudd to watch my movie!"
'Yeah, but ...... I think that machine is broken. ......?"
What?"
Siona told me to bring my hand, which was holding the device, in front of my eyes.
The equipment we found - a projector made by the Mumm Corporation - was clearly broken.
The lens part, which is necessary for projection, was missing.
There was also a large crack in the upper part of the projector, and when we looked inside, we found that the base inside was covered in rust.
This made it impossible to project a movie.
'That's too bad ...... Ray, let's go home now, shall we?'
Siona's hand was held out to me.
I put my own hand on hers.
The warmth of her hand warmed my rain-cold hand.
By the time I returned to town, the rain had stopped.
Even so, my heart never cleared up.
I wondered if I would ever be able to repair the projector that I held in both hands.
I had been determined to fix it, but now that I had seen how battered and broken it was, my resolve was shaken.
What's the matter, you're soaking wet?
On my way back to the church, I was stopped unexpectedly.
I turned around to see the director of the photo shop that had taken my picture before standing there.
I was just looking for something.
You were looking for something ......?　I see. Did you find what you were looking for?
Yes, ......, but also .......
What's wrong?
I found it, but it's broken and I can't use it.
Instead of my depressed self, Shiona answered, "Oh, I see.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sorry to hear that. By the way, what were you planning to use it for?
Actually, I wanted to regenerate the chip that ...... Mr. Mudd has.
Mr. Mudd's?　The chip you said your son sent you.
'...... yes. I wanted to make Mr. Mudd, who is always mad at me, happy. ......
Is that what you really want to do?
The curator asked gently, but testingly.
Yes, of course," I answered without hesitation.
I answered without hesitation.
Mr. Mudd always looks angry at ......, and he seems to be having a hard time. I am sure that if there is an opportunity, he will laugh. I think if people can laugh, they can be happy. And I think other people who see that will be happy, too.
After saying that, I looked at Shiona.
I learned that from Shiona at .......
She looked surprised at my words, but immediately smiled.
The first thing you need to do is to make sure that you have the right tools to do the job. The smile of someone makes the people around them happy too.
The moment Siona smiled at me, my heart also warmed up.
I see. ...... can I see that?"
The director pointed to the projector I was holding. I silently held out the broken device.
The director, a photographer, looked around the equipment carefully.
I see, this is outrageous. There are too many things missing to fix it.
When the director, who usually takes care of the camera, said that, I felt as if my heart was about to give up.
Perhaps noticing my depressed mood, the director smiled and returned the projector to me.
Ray, why don't you go home soon?　You'll catch a cold.
I think you're right. I think it would be bad for your health if you stay wet in the rain. You'd better go home and change first.
I was afraid that the director would be annoyed if I went any further.
Even if I am fine, Shiona, a ningen, will catch a cold.
Hugging the projector, I bowed to the curator and we headed for the church.
When we returned to the church, Shiona wiped my head with a soft towel.
Gently, softly, and carefully so as not to rub.
I'm sorry about the projector.
...... but that place used to be a garbage dump, so it's only natural that it's broken."
It should be obvious if you think about it for a moment. The most important thing to remember is that the best way to get the most out of your money is to be careful what you spend it on.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't be sure what will happen if you wish for it. That if I worked hard, results would surely follow.
But I was reminded that reality isn't so easy.
I can't help it," said Bok. Ray did his best, so no one will complain.
But,...... but I wanted to show Mr. Mudd the movie."
'Yeah,...... Ray, you're so kind.
I'm not trying to be nice or anything. I just think it's what I'm supposed to do.
But I'm sure Mud will be happy to hear that. That's good enough for me.
I hope so. ......
Let's warm up for now, shall we?　I'm going to go get you a drink that will make you feel warm and fuzzy inside.
Folding up the towel she had used to wipe my head, Siona smiled and headed toward the kitchen.
Sitting down on a chair, I let out a sigh.
I look at the broken projector on the table.
I look at the broken projector on the table. ...... No, there's no point in being depressed.
Even though it's broken, we've made some progress from where we left off.
This projector should be able to play chips someday, if we fix it up just a little bit.
The book I borrowed from Tippy had instructions on how to take it apart for maintenance.
If we could unravel it in order, we should be able to fix it.
I could find the missing parts one by one in that factory.
I want to make Mr. Mudd smile. I want him to smile and show me the same joy that he showed Shiona when the music box was fixed.
I was once again determined to fix the projector.
Just then, I notice that the main hall of the church is more crowded.
'Excuse me.'
I open the door and peek in, and there is the director of the photo shop.
And behind him, many more townspeople.
"What's going on?"
I asked curiously, and the townspeople offered me something with a smile on their faces.
Here," they said, "are parts of our broken clocks. You can use it if you like.
I thought maybe this would fit the wiring.
You can use my light.
No, use my light.
I have a lot of tools at home, so you can use as many as you want."
Various electrical components, wiring devices, electronic circuits, gears and screws were placed on the table one after another.
As I was stunned, unable to comprehend the scene, the curator smiled at me.
He said, "...... Um, what's this?"
I told him, "You're going to fix that projector, aren't you?　I told everyone about it, and they brought me things they thought we might need. Some of it may not be needed, but there's nothing wrong with having materials, right?
Why ......?
They were all moved by your music and songs, and they wanted to thank you. They really wanted to thank you. I am one of them.
The director took out his lens and handed it to me.
This is ....... It's a camera lens.
I felt a warm feeling deep in my chest.
The warmth gradually rose to the top.
Eventually, the warmth reached the back of his eyes, where it grew hotter and hotter.
I couldn't get the words right in my head. I wanted to say something, but only my lips trembled.
I was being watched by Shiona, who was holding a cup of steaming hot water, and she was looking at me tenderly.
I was so warm in the chest. Why is that?
Ray, it's an emotion called 'pleasure.
Saying this, she approaches me and hands me a cup filled with a fragrant drink that makes my heart warm.
Everyone is responding to Ray's desire to make Mr. Mudd smile. Everyone wants to make Mr. Mudd happy, especially Ray."
I hope you don't mind that ......, I started this on my own.
If I thought it was a nuisance, people wouldn't have such big smiles on their faces.
I looked at each of the townspeople who had brought in parts in turn.
They hold up their parts in their hands so that I can see them and smile at me.
Thank you, ......, everyone!
Using the parts and tools I received, I began repairing the car on the spot.
I had help from many people to help me with the parts I couldn't figure out on my own.
I removed water, carefully scraped off rusted parts with a file, and repaired broken electronic circuits with copper foil.
The solder that had almost come off was corrected with the tip of a screwdriver that had been heated until it turned red.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, it's like this.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!　It's definitely like this!
It's not like this, it's not like that.
Noisily, but lively, the repairs were carried out by all.
And finally...
The repair work was completed in an unshapely state, with a lot of patching.
Thank you, everyone.
I mean it. But let's hear that song again.
The kids love it. Do it again.
I get in a good mood when I hear it with him.
"When I hear that song, ......, it reminds me of the old days. ......
I love that song, it's so fun!"
An ungainly piece of equipment made by all of us.
The first time I saw it, I thought it was a good idea.
But it was the one and only projector in the world that we all made together.
I couldn't have been more pleased.
Everyone there was truly happy with the completion of the projector.
All we have to do now is test run it.
I looked around the room.
I had never seen electricity in this town.
Even the photographer was using an analog camera.
I asked, "......, um, maybe this town doesn't have electricity ......?"
My question caused a collective gasp from everyone in the room.
It was as if I had touched something I shouldn't have.
Even the director, who had proposed the test activation, kept his mouth shut.
The library, you know."
It was Shiona who broke the awkward atmosphere.
The town doesn't have electricity, but we still have a storage facility.
Is that the library?
Yes, it is.
It was as if a ray of hope had shone through.
I felt my cheeks soften.
But the look on Shiona's face - she was supposed to be smiling, but her eyes were somewhat sad.
The next day, I went to the library with Shiona.
The next day, I was at the library with Shiona, carrying a handmade projector that we had made with the townspeople yesterday.
I didn't know they had such a device here.
The device at the library counter was a device that could store electricity generated by sunlight in a portable battery.
It seems to be the only device left in the town.
However, due to the aging of the solar panels, it is not capable of generating a large amount of electricity.
For this town, electricity is a precious commodity.
Despite my selfishness, the people of this town allowed me to use such a precious commodity.
They would only ask me if I would play music for them again.
But there was something that really bothered me.
I had a feeling that the library had a special meaning to the people of the town.
Yesterday's reaction. Thinking back, Mud also had a different expression on his face about my visit to the library.
......No, let's not make any weird guesses now.
The first thing you need to do is to make sure that you have a good idea of what you're looking for.
I'm going to have to ask her to sing again," she said.
'Yes, I'm going to sing to thank you all.
She smiled at me as she always does.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a look at the pictures and expect to be able to see them.
She looks at Ciona with a slightly puzzled expression on her face.
I've never seen the two of them side by side before.
Tippy, how long do you think it will take to recharge the batteries?
Let's see......... maybe another three minutes or so."
"Well, that's surprisingly fast."
I can only stay with Rey for a few more ...... minutes?
The actual "Tipi" bypassed the Siona in a big way and hugged my leg.
The sad expression doesn't change.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a look at the pictures and see what's going on.
I stroke Tippy's head with the palm of my hand.
I stroked her silky hair over and over, and she rubbed her cheeks against my leg.
I said, "......Yes, you two. That's it."
Shiona intervened between me and Tippy.
Oh ...... Rey, Rey ......."
Tippy reaches out for me.
The first thing you need to do is to make sure that you have a good time.
"Rey, hey ......."
The first thing you need to do is to make sure that you have a good time with your family and friends.
--The sweet smell of Siona's scent tickled my nose.
I'm a girl now, Tippi. Do you know what this means?
I know what it means. She's so cute, isn't she?
That's not what I mean. ...... I don't think it's a good idea to touch her too casually or be too friendly with her.
Why not?　I think it's good if Tippi is happy.
I mean, it's not good to touch a girl ...... casually at her age.
Tippi is still a child at her age, remember?
The girl grows up faster on the inside than she does on the outside. They already have a pink heart.
"Pink ......?　What does that mean?
Pink is pink. That's why I don't think it's good.
Siona seemed to be more disturbed than ever.
He is smiling and talking to me, but his cheeks are a little puffed up.
Come to think of it, when I told him that I was going to the library, his smile would always stiffen.
It seems that Shiona doesn't think much of me being friendly with Tippy.
Even now, it seems as if she is competing with Tippy.
I said to her, "...... Hey Shiona. Is that what you call jealousy?
I was so surprised that she rolled her eyes and gulped at my words.
The first time I saw her, she was smiling.
This was the first time she had ever shown me this expression.
I reached out my hand to touch her head.
I'm not sure what to say.　Ray ......?"
The first time I saw her, she was smiling for the first time.
I was so excited to see her smile.　What's wrong?"
The hair of Siona, unlike Tippy's, was silky and comfortable. It smelled good every time I stroked it.
It is the kind of hair that makes you want to touch it forever.
I'm kind of embarrassed, aren't I?　I'm kind of embarrassed, you know?　Right?
I'm sorry. I don't know what's going on, but I think it's better this way.
I don't know what it is, but looking at Shiona now, I feel warmth in my chest.
A feeling similar to the joy I knew before rises up in me.
　I'm not going to be too sticky with you, okay?　Promise me?
If Shiona says so, I will.
So I had no choice but to say so.
We returned to Tippi.
Tippi was looking up at us anxiously.
What's wrong?　Tippy, are you a bad boy?　Is that why you're both upset?
Tippy's eyebrows were raised sadly.
It's okay," Tippi said, "It's okay. It's nothing.
Are you sure?　Are you sure you're not mad?　Because Shiona's face is ...... warm, right?
No, it's not.　I'm not prickly.
"Ummm... ...... yeah, okay."
Tippy shed tears of relief.
I really want to wipe those tears away with my fingertips, but I'm sure Shiona won't like that.
So I decided to suppress the urge.
I turned on the projector, which had finished charging.
A low motor whirred and the fan for exhausting the heat began to spin.
The light on top was blinking, indicating that it was preparing to start up.
It was a light that I had not seen for a long time. Boku, Shiona, and Tippy all looked at the flashing lights with eyes that saw something unusual.
The place to put the ...... chip is at .......
The control panel on the side of the projector, with its lid broken off and exposed.
In the center of the panel, there is a place to insert the chip.
I slowly inserted the chip that Mudd had given me.
The projector flashed the read light red, trying to check the data in the chip.
We watched with bated breath.
After about 10 seconds, the flashing lights became shorter and shorter, and then turned green.
I thought to myself, "Does this mean that ...... is okay?"
His voice was a mixture of anxiety and excitement.
Yes, the projector is fixed and the data in it is safe.
Siona's words made my heart soar. I felt the corners of my mouth rise.
I was feeling "joy" in the satisfaction of having accomplished something new.
After charging the projector and checking its operation, we were on our way to Mud's store.
Tippy stayed at the library, saying he was sleepy.
I wanted to see the movie with Tippy, but Ciona told me not to push him too hard.
I hope Mr. Mudd will be happy to see me.
I'm sure he'll be happy to see you.
I hope so. I hope so. It was made by everyone in the town. I hope so, because it was made by everyone in the town.
Uh-huh. ......
What's wrong, Ziona?　What's wrong?
She was somewhat reserved from a while ago.
She was not. Nothing.
I don't think so. ......, I don't think so. ......
Ray, it's a little grayer than usual today," she muttered as she looked up at the sky.
The most important thing to remember is that the best way to get the most out of your car is to make sure it's a good one.
I looked up at the sky in the same way, but I couldn't tell the difference from usual.
The rain has cleared the dust from the air, making it somewhat easier to breathe.
And it's gloomy, so I feel a little bumpy. So, Ray. Why don't we just relax at home today?　Let's have a bowl of orange soup.
Does this air feel uncomfortable to Siona ......?
No. Maybe Siona's words are hiding what she really wants to say.
But I wasn't sure what she meant by that.
I don't think Siona is trying to be mean.
But we all made it together. I can't wait to show Mr. Mudd your son's movie."
'Yes,...... I guess so.'
Siona was silent for a moment.
I'm not mad at her.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a look at the pictures and expect to be able to see them.
His expression showed some shade.
I arrived at Mudd's store and stepped into the dimly lit interior.
Hey, ......, what are you doing in here without permission?
Mudd's voice rang out from the back of the store.
He was hunched over in his chair, looking straight at us.
Hello, Mr. Mudd. This is ......."
I pulled out a projector full of patched-up pieces.
Mr. Mudd stared at it as if he were trying to figure out its value.
What's that? We don't buy garbage.
No, we don't. It may not look like much, but it's a projector that can play your son's movies.
"Your son's movie?　I don't remember asking you to make such a thing.
I certainly didn't ask you to make it. I did it on my own. I did it on my own. But many people in the town helped me to make it. I want everyone to see the movie.
I told you, I didn't ask you to do that.
I know. I know. I did it on my own. So what I'm going to do now is also something I'm going to do on my own. I'm not sure what to do with the rest of it.
The first thing you need to do is to make sure that you have a good idea of what you're doing.
But from behind me, Shiona pulled the sleeve of my clothes and blocked me.
The first thing to do is to make sure that you have a good time. Let's just call it a new day, okay?
Siona, we've come this far. I'm sure Mr. Mudd would like to see his son's movie, even if he says so himself. If you don't watch it here, you'll never see it.
And if I really didn't like it, I'd have been thrown out already.
This is just an educated guess based on Mudd's past behavior, but I'm sure he's right.
I'm sure I'm not mistaken. Don't look so worried. I'll be fine.
I nodded my head strongly, trying to remove her fears.
I'm sure you'll be able to find out more about the situation from the website. If you want to do it, then do it the way you want to do it.
I'm not sure what to do.
I stepped forward again.
I place my equipment on the register counter and close the store door.
Next, I closed all the curtains on the windows.
The dark interior of the store becomes even darker.
It is just dark enough to play a movie.
The fan whirred and spun, and a few moments later, the light that had been attached to the projector came on.
A square of light floats on the wall of the store.
He adjusted the lens, which was given to him by the director of the photo shop, and brought it into focus.
Mr. Mudd just stared at the action.
Mr. Mudd, I'm going to play the movie now. Okay?"
'...... have it your way.'
Mr. Mudd did not deny it.
I am convinced that is the answer Mr. Mudd wants.
I put my finger on the button on the control panel, .......
Play.
Mr. Mudd stared at the square of light with a stern expression on his face.
In the light, a story begins.
It is the story of a boy.
It was set in a time when the sky was still blue and nature still existed.
Born in a small house in a small town, he never knew his mother.
His father, who lived with him, took care of him only minimally and could hardly be called ...... a family.
As the boy grew up, the gap between them grew deeper.
Whenever they saw each other, they fought.
Every short conversation was a mutual denial.
Before long, they no longer looked at each other.
The boy returned home less and less, and eventually he stepped onto the path of evil.
His father beat him silently.
With the wrinkles between his eyebrows carved deeper than usual .......
The boy runs away from home and leaves town.
But that was the beginning of harsh days.
The people he thought were his friends took advantage of him, betrayed him, and left him in tatters, both physically and emotionally.
He was supported by a woman.
His encounter with her led him to the right path.
The boy decides to move to a new town and start his life anew.
He started a family.
He had a son, and he had no doubt that he and his loving wife would live happily ever after.
However, the ...... woman was ill and passed away.
There was no time for despair.
He worked hard to raise his remaining child.
However, he was so desperate to work that he did not realize that a rift was developing in his relationship with his child.
Whenever he opened his mouth, all they did was fight.
The days of their differences continued.
And then his grown child stepped into the path of evil ...... as if it were against him.
I thought it was punishment.
I thought this was exactly what I had done to my father.
Now I curse myself for being so immature.
He looked at his hands, trying to think of a way to stop his son.
If he opened his hands, he might be able to admonish his son with the tenderness of a pat on the head and a hug.
If he clenched his hand, it might become a fist and he could rebuke his son with sternness.
As a father, which should he choose?
He clenched his fist.
The fist that had struck his son was hot, his chest tight and painful, and his ...... brow creased deeply.
But his son held his red, swollen cheeks and wept.
He told me that he had been properly scolded and that he was loved .......
Hearing these words, he too shed tears.
He wondered why he had not been able to realize what his son had realized at that time.
The look on his father's face after he had hit him was not anger, but sorrow.
He took his son and returned to the town where he was born for the first time in 20 years.
The townscape had hardly changed since he left.
And the small house where he was born was still the same.
But his father, who lived alone in the house, looked one size smaller than he remembered, perhaps because of his old age.
He bit his lip and let out a tear in front of his father.
His father silently patted him on the shoulder and muttered a few words.
Mr. Mudd's son's movie was a very old type of human drama.
I don't know if this is funny or not.
If my emotional functions were normal, I might have been able to judge.
But Mr. Mudd was watching the movie.
He was watching the movie in silence from beginning to end.
The staff roll finished playing and the screen went black.
It seemed to be over.
Siona looked at me once and then reached for the stop button on the projector.
Just as her slender fingertips were about to touch the button, I grabbed her hand.
I looked at her and said, "......?　Ray?"
Shiona looked at me curiously. But I was staring at the screen.
The screen was pitch black. Because in the center of the screen, letters slowly started to appear.
The letters were probably handwritten, with clear "emotion" in them.
I dedicate this film to my father.
The words slowly faded away, blending into the darkening screen.
This time, the film quietly came to an end.
Silence fell over the area.
Even after I turned off the power, Mr. Mudd was still staring at the spot where the screen had been.
Mr. Mudd ...... has already finished the movie, right?"
I sigh in reply.
...... is a boring movie."
I muttered in a quiet voice that I never thought I'd hear from Mud.
It's so boring, I'm tired of trying to hold in my sore throat.
He wiped away the tears that had built up due to the lack of endurance, as if to throw them away, got up from his chair, and took the chip out of the projector.
He then clutched it tightly in the palm of his hand and sat back in his chair.
'...... get the hell out of here.'
He said this in a low-pitched voice and closed his eyes as if contemplating something.
Could it be that this movie didn't convey his son's thoughts?
Was it a movie that didn't matter to Mr. Mudd? ......
If so, then what I did was...
I felt pain in my chest, and I hurriedly called out to Mr. Mudd that I had to say something.
But Siona interrupted me by lightly tugging at my clothes.
Ray, it's okay."
Shiona smiles at me with her eyebrows lowered.
She smiled at me and said, "Mr. Mudd, he's just not being honest. Let's leave him alone for now. See?"
I can't be honest ......?
Does that mean that everything Mr. Mudd just said means the opposite?
'Mr. Mudd, I'm feeling very silky right now. It's filled with a beautiful light blue color. Thanks to Ray."
'I wonder ...... if that was the case?'
I feel a warmth deep in my chest.
I know this feeling.
I'm not sure what to do with it, but I'm sure it will work.
I'm happy that Mud is happy.
I'm so happy that I was able to be of service.
We quietly left the restaurant so as not to disturb Mr. Mudd.
We left the projector on the table so that we could watch the movie again whenever we wanted to.
Outside the store, I saw a faint orange glow across the sky.
It was a color that seemed to mirror my feelings.
I'm so glad you're happy, Mud.
Yes, I am."
But his smile was sad.
What?　What?
You look kind of sad.
"Do I?　No, I don't. Mr. Mudd is happy. He's got a big heart.
"Oh, yeah?　I hope so.
"Hey, Ray. Hey, Ray, let's have a feast today.
Feast?　Why not?
Because it's the anniversary of the day Ray made Mr. Mudd happy.
It's the anniversary of .......
Let's make orange soup and poach today.
"Yeah, sure. I'll help you cook.
"Thank you. I'm so happy, Ray.
Siona's hand brushes against mine.
The warmth in our hands is what makes them so special.
The warmth of our joined hands.
The orange sky was soon swallowed up by the creeping darkness of the night.
The next day, we decided to sing a song in the plaza, as we had promised everyone who helped us fix the projector.
We visited Mr. Mudd's store, hoping that he would join us to listen to our song.
But the door was still closed.
A sign saying "CLOSE" was hanging on the door, even though the store was usually open by now.
The door to the store was also locked, so I could not enter.
I peek inside through the door.
A projector is left on the counter.
Nothing has changed since yesterday.
The chair Mud was sitting in was just overlapping the shelves, so I couldn't see it.
What's wrong, Mr. Mudd? Is there something wrong with him?
I knew it was ...... going to be like this.
What do you mean ...... that it's come to this?"
The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that the two of them have been in the same room together for a long time.
The first time I went to the movies last night, Maddie was all red and irritated, but now she's gone.
'Bright red and ...... irritated?
I don't think he has to put up with it anymore. I've never seen Mudd so calm.
The first time I saw Mudd so calm.
I've never seen Mud so calm before.
Siona smiled, "Yes, he has been holding something back for a long time. I really wanted to make things right with your son for a long, long time. He wanted to fly to his son's place. But Mr. Mudd is always red and prickly, isn't he?　That's why I never had the chance.
So, maybe last night's movie was ......?
That's right. Ray showed Mr. Mudd his son's movie, so Mr. Mudd could be honest with him.
......, did Mr. Mudd come to see his son?
Ray: "Yeah. I think he left town.
Siona smiles at me. I was so happy to see her smile, and I realized that I was really able to be of service to her.
My heart was burning so fast that I could not stop saying it.
That's amazing!　That's amazing, Shiona!　You're just like in that movie!　It was the father who went to see her, not the son, but it's almost the same as in the movie!
Yes, it is. Yes, it's really great. But there's just one thing that bothers me.
"Trouble?"
Siona's face clouded and she let out a small breath.
What could be the trouble with Mr. Mudd and his son making up?
I don't think Mr. Mudd will be back for a while, so I can't get the ingredients for my orange pawpaw soup."
With a serious face, Siona said.
That's a problem for ......, isn't it?
Yes, it's a problem, isn't it?　But if you make it while saving the materials you have now, you will be fine for a while.
Ciona smiles, her tightened mouth falling into a smile.
Seeing her like that, I naturally felt my cheeks move.
A warm feeling of warmth rises from deep within my chest.
I don't know what to call this feeling, but I feel very content.
I hope you come back soon, Mr. Mudd. I'd love to hear your story. Maybe your son will come with you. That would be even better.
I'd love it if he did. Yeah, that would be nice.
Little by little, I was learning about emotions. I was getting closer to my ideal image.
I am getting closer to my ideal image.
I want to help people more and more.
I want to learn more and more emotions.
This thought was the main driving force that kept me going.
Let's get going, Ray. We're going to be late.
"Oh, I know. Let's hurry. I wonder how many people I can make smile today.
A lot, I bet. More than yesterday.
Because Ziona has a beautiful voice.
No, it's because of Ray's performance.
I'm just spinning the wheel.
That's what's important. If the person who turns the wheel has a gentle heart, the music will spread with a warmth.
Siona smiled as she spread her hands softly.
If it were only my songs, no one would stop. If it were only my singing, no one would stop. My singing is only possible because of Ray's performance. Thank you, Ray.
My face heated up.
Why is that, Shiona? My face is so hot.
Really. My face is turning bright red. You must be embarrassed.
Embarrassed?　Is this what embarrassment feels like?
"Yeah, you're a bit more bashful than I thought. It's cute.
I was so happy to hear her words, and my face got hotter and hotter.
After leaving Mudd's store, we visited the plaza.
Before we arrived, many people had already gathered there.
I've been waiting for you two, good day to you!
My child has been asking me since yesterday to come and sing for her. Please do.
Your songs are very soothing. Thank you very much.
"Sing to me again, big brother, big sister!"
Everyone we met was waiting for our melody.
And everyone had a smile on their face.
This was it.
This is what I was looking for.
To do something, to make people happy, to be appreciated.
This is what I was looking for.
How good it feels.
What a warm feeling in my heart.
I had always wanted to experience this feeling.
Let's start, Siona. Let's make everyone smile.
Yes, of course.
I turned the handle of the music box just like yesterday.
A melody overflowed.
Shiona spins a melody to the sound.
And the melody spreads a circle of big smiles.
Smiles spread throughout the town.
I was more happy than anything else.
And the sight of Siona's happy face as she sang was my joy.
The people of the town were listening with smiles on their faces, just as they had been yesterday.
The circle of smiles spread.
Suddenly, I felt a slight discomfort in my hand turning the handle of the music box.
My right hand was gloved to hide my mechanical hand.
I feel a slight creak in the hand that turns the handle.
Hey, how was that machine the day before yesterday?"
While I was cleaning up the performance, he spoke to me and raised his head.
There was the curator and the townspeople who had donated the parts.
We were able to play it back, and Mr. Mudd was very happy. It was thanks to all of you.
I'm glad to hear that. It was worth calling out to everyone.
I really appreciate all of you. Thank you very much.
No, it's okay, ...... but it's all thanks to you that it happened.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's because of what you did that people came out to help us like this.
But it's because of your kindness. But that's because you're all so kind. My actions were just a catalyst.
Of course, that's part of it. But you can't know until you act, and you can't change. It's not about who is the best or the greatest. The person who acts first is worth it.
The director and all the people who helped out had warm smiles on their faces.
If you ever need anything else, don't hesitate to ask. I will help you as much as I can.
After saying this, the curators scattered and left.
As I watched their backs, I thought to myself, "Hey, Shiona.
"Hey, Shiona.
What's wrong, Ray?
I want to make more people happy.
It's really wonderful to make people happy.
Yes, it is. Yes, it is. But it's wonderful to feel that way, Ray.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a look at the pictures and say, "I'm so happy to see you.
I can feel the warmth in the depths of my chest.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a few minutes to do something and then leave it at that. I want to meet more and more people and help them solve their problems.
If that's what you want to do, that's what you should do.
Then let's go find them, Siona!　Let's go help the people in need in this town!
"......, wait."
You know, Ray, I don't think that's quite right.
I was sure Siona would agree with me.
But she was shaking her head with a troubled look in her eyes.
It's a wonderful thing to help people, but you can't force it on them. But I don't think it's right to push it.
I don't mean to impose ......?　I didn't mean anything by it, did I?
Of course, I know how you feel. Of course I understand how you feel, but there are obstacles and problems that people have to overcome on their own. If you help them with all of them, they will never grow. Of course, it is important to help them, but they need help only when they are really trying their best and still can't handle it by themselves. So, Ray. When someone asks you for help, help them. It's not too late to help them."
I understood what Siona was saying.
I was able to understand.
However, I felt something stuck in the back of my chest.
Why should I leave my desire to help others untouched?
Why can't I help people myself?
Why, why, why .......
Then I stopped thinking about it.
I was so happy to see her smile, but she seemed somewhat sad.
A few days later.
The strange feeling came back again.
It was the same uncomfortable feeling in her right hand that she had felt when she was turning the music box.
It was too small a sensation to describe.
But it was definitely attacking my right hand.
The discomfort was gradually growing.
After returning to Siona's house, I moved my fingertips one by one in my room.
Then, every finger went to a certain depth in the same way and did not bend any more.
This made it impossible to grasp things.
This is a level of problem that interferes with daily life.
No matter how many times I tried, the problem would not be fixed.
Perhaps it needs to be repaired so fundamentally that it needs to be disassembled once.
I have an idea of what is wrong with the projector.
It was when I was looking for that projector.
I had done a lot of reckless work in that dump site.
I felt a strange sensation when I was moving heavy objects.
I'm going to go to that abandoned factory later today.
And let's go look for tools to fix it.
Ray, it's time for dinner."
Shiona suddenly came into the room.
I hurriedly put on my gloves and hid my bare right hand.
What's wrong?　What's wrong?
I was just spacing out. I was just spacing out, that's all.
Did I startle you?　I'm sorry about that. I'll knock next time.
I'll knock next time. I'd appreciate it if you did.
Yeah, okay. So, I made dinner.
I looked at the clock.
The hands of the clock had already turned to the top of the hour.
It was already that time. ......
It's always cloudy outside, isn't it? I'll lose all sense of time, won't I?
Yes, I'll be right there. Can you wait for me?
Yeah, sure. I'll wait for you in the kitchen, Ray.
Siona smiled and left.
I took off my gloves again and checked my right hand.
I'm going to have to ...... do something to make sure Siona doesn't find out.
If you are going to the abandoned factory, it's only after you've eaten.
I headed for the kitchen with all my heart.
In the kitchen, there was a line of food prepared by Siona.
Ray, take a chair. Let's eat.
Siona folded her hands in front of her face.
I folded my hands in the same way.
Our Father who is in heaven, sanctify us all, that your kingdom may come, that your will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. Forgive us our sins. We forgive others, too. Let us not fall into temptation, but deliver us from evil."
Siona taught me these words.
Before I knew it, I had begun to pray in the same way.
That is how much time I have spent with Siona.
When I thought about it, I naturally felt warmth in my heart.
I'm not sure what to say.　It's nothing.
I don't think so.　You look happy, you know?　You're turning orange.
"You look happy?　I'm ......?
Yes, very, very much so. Ray, you've been making that expression a lot lately. It kind of makes me happy, too.
Does that mean you're smiling?
Yes, I am. At first you didn't smile at all, but lately you've been smiling a lot. I'm glad.
"I'm ...... laughing ......?"
I remember the first day I woke up.
I remember the first day I woke up and the expressionless face I saw.
I have been wishing since that day.
I wanted to have feelings.
I'm not sure when, but I think I'm getting what I've been wanting.
I was happy and felt a lightness in my heart.
Now I can be with Shiona and the others forever.
I looked down at my right hand.
I couldn't use the spoon properly with this hand, which was slumped and weak.
I had no choice but to switch to my left hand and scoop the soup.
Eating with his left hand, which he was not accustomed to, was extremely difficult.
What's the matter, Ray ......?　Oh, Ray is left-handed?
No,......, I'm right-handed, but my right hand hurts today.
"It hurts?　Oh my God!　I need to call a doctor,...... but he's not in this town, so I'll have to get one from a town far away,......."
No, it's all right. It will get better if you leave it alone.
Not good. ...... not good.
The first thing you need to do is to make sure that you have the right tools to do the job.
The first thing you need to do is to make sure that you have a good idea of what you're doing.
I want to stay here forever.
I'm sure it's because I was so reckless the other day. I'm sure it's because I worked so hard in the rain,.......
......Yeah, I think maybe that's why.
'Look, you didn't stop when I told you. I'm worried about Ray's body.
'Yeah, thanks. But I'm glad you're happy with your efforts, Mud.
Yeah, it is. But you mustn't overdo it.
The most important thing to remember is that you should never let this happen to you.
I'm not going to do anything else that would make her look like this.
I'm not going to let this happen to her again.
I'm not sure if Mr. Mudd is back yet. Have you heard from him since then?
No, not yet. He lives a little far away from here. I'm sure he hasn't arrived yet.
I see. I hope we hear from him soon.
Yes, I hope so.
After that, Siona never asked me about my right hand.
I finished my meal early with my left hand, which I was not used to.
I went back to my room and started to get ready.
I packed my tools in my bag.
I would probably have to disassemble my own arm.
I would have to solve this problem on my own.
I can't rely on anyone.
That is why I made careful preparations.
As I was concentrating on my preparations, I heard a knock on the door of my room.
Shortly after, Siona entered the room.
She said, "Ray, if you don't mind, are you going somewhere ...... for shopping?"
Shiona asked, alternately staring at her bag and me.
Yes, I'm just looking for something. I'm just looking for something.
Where are you going?　Near or far?　Far away?　When are you coming back?
I'm going to an abandoned factory. I'll be back as soon as I can.
An abandoned factory?　What are you going to do?
Well, I'm going to ...... to look for some parts that the director of a photo shop asked me to get.
It was a lie.
It's a poor lie, but Siona smiles at me.
I see,......, I understand. Be really careful, okay?　Even your right hand is in bad shape, isn't it?
I'll try to get home as soon as I can. I'll try to get home as soon as I can.
I was sent off by Siona and left the church.
My destination was an abandoned factory.
But before that, there was a place we had to stop by.
I needed to make up the lie I had told on the spur of the moment.
If Shiona met the curator and told him about me, he would find out about the lie.
If that happens, I will hurt her.
I don't want to hurt Shiona.
That is why my feet were visiting the photo shop.
Oh, you're an unusual customer, aren't you?
When I opened the door, I was greeted by the manager who was polishing his camera.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to intrude.
No, it's okay. I was just on my way to ...... home.
Home...... church?　Did you need something?"
Yeah, just a minute."
The curator pulled into the back of the room.
While waiting, I decided to look around at the photos on display.
There are a variety of photos on display, from old to recent.
They were taken in different years, at different places, and by different people.
But there was one thing in common.
Everyone had a smile on their face.
I couldn't help but envy the smiling faces in the photos.
"Hello, hello, I'm sorry to keep you waiting. Here you go.
The director held out a photograph to me.
In it was a picture of a smiling Shiona and an expressionless me.
It's a picture I took a long time ago. It took a long time to develop. I apologize for the delay.
No, it's not. Thank you very much. But I don't have any money. ......"
I'm sorry," he said. I'm late and I wanted to take this picture. I'll make it a service."
Thank you very much. I'll pass it on to Siona.
'By all means do so. By the way, you and Siona's brother really look alike when I look at them like this.
Do you know about Ziona's brother?
Yes, of course. Have you ever seen a picture of her and her brother side by side?
Yes, I have. The one with the music box, right?
Yes, that's the one. Actually, I took that picture.
I didn't know that. ...... When did your brother leave for his trip?
Right after I took that picture, I think. I think it was right after I took that picture. That's when Siona was sad. She always smiles like that, but at that time she was crying all the time.
She's always smiling like that, but that time she was crying all the time.　I can't believe it. ......
She is laughing a lot these days, though ...... she is still laughing as much as when her brother is around. She is as much ...... as she was when her brother was around. No, maybe even more than that.
I don't know. I think he's laughing all the time.
I'm sure it's because of you.
I think it's because he looks like you, but I don't think that's the only reason.
But I haven't done anything for her.
I'm sure you'll be able to find something that will make you smile. You can also make her smile by just being close to her and being by her side.
I'll be there for you: ....... If that is the case, I am confident that I will be there for Siona more than anyone else.
I can see that from my eyes. I can see it from my eyes. When she is with you, she seems to be smiling from the bottom of her heart.
Her words warmed my heart.
I am connected to her smile.
My presence makes her smile.
It's funny that I should ask you this, but will you stay close to her?
Of course. I will always be there for Shiona, and I will always make her smile. That's what I want most of all.
It's like a marriage proposal. It's a pity that Shiona is not here.
'Pro ...... pose ......?'
I felt my face heat up when I heard those words.
I know what the words mean.
It's a word in which a ningen man and woman pledge to spend the rest of their lives together.
I wonder if what I just said was the same thing.
Thinking about it, my face grew even hotter.
I turn my back to the director so that he doesn't realize how upset I am.
Well, then, I have someplace to go.
I see. Don't lose that picture, okay?
Yes, thank you.
I thanked him through my back and left the photo shop.
The road to the abandoned factory.
I push my way through the reddish-black earth.
My bag filled with tools is a heavy burden.
I could hear the sound of tools rubbing against each other in the bag slung over my shoulder.
The wind was blowing hard, and it looked as if it would rain at any moment.
It would be a complete disaster if I went to the shop to have repairs done only to find that more parts were broken.
I decided to hurry to the abandoned factory before it rains.
On the way.
In the distance, I spotted a shimmering white object.
But the place was so far away that there was no way to tell what it was.
I could not yet tell how big it was, but the white object seemed to be slowly approaching me.
I tried to see it with my eyes.
At that moment, a gust of wind blew.
I involuntarily closed my eyes.
When I opened my eyes again, the white object had disappeared from my sight.
What was that all about ......?
I stood there for a while.
But I couldn't stay like this.
The clouds were getting darker and darker.
I had to get to the abandoned factory as soon as possible.
I arrived at the abandoned factory just as the clouds began to darken and it looked as if it would rain at any moment.
The inside was still dusty and filled with the smell of oxidized oil.
I quickly found a workbench close at hand and decided to remove my right glove.
I am used to bare parts by now.
First, I decide to slowly open and close my fingers.
The malfunction had not been fixed, and its movement stopped midway.
What could be the cause?
I took out a light from my bag, shined it on the arm part, and looked into it.
It seems that there is no foreign object stuck in it.
If it is ......, it must be a problem with the inside parts themselves.
I took out a tool and started disassembling the right hand.
It was eerie to see my own hand being disassembled.
I am breaking myself now.
If I were to disassemble all of this, would I be broken?
Would that be my "death"?
How would that really feel?
If I die, where will this consciousness go?
And if I were reassembled once again, would this consciousness return?
Can we say that it is alive?
As I disassembled the car with these thoughts in the back of my mind, I came to the cause of the malfunction.
The piston rod of the cylinder that distributes oil to the fingers had bent and oil was seeping out.
I had removed this part once when I fixed Siona's music box.
At that time, the oil in the cylinder was used to acclimate the cogs of the music box.
It was only a small amount of oil, but I guess it was necessary for the prosthetic finger part, which repeats precise operation.
I guess even a small tear can become a big wound if it is piled up.
However, if the rod is bent to this extent, the oil leakage may recur even if we fix it half-heartedly.
The best way to be sure would be to replace this part with a new one.
I got up and searched around the area.
I found a few unfinished filoid parts lying on the floor.
In this filoid factory, there must be parts that fit my mold lying around.
With my disassembled right arm, I search the factory.
There were many arm, leg, and body parts lying around the factory.
The head parts are so elaborate that if you are not careful, you may think for a moment that they are the real thing.
From among them, I search for the one that fits me.
Looking at the bare right arm, I check the model number of the part I need.
That seems to be the model number of the part I need.
I look for the same model number from the parts of the arm lying around.
I wonder if they are using something very rare.
I checked all the parts lying around the factory, but none of them had the same model number.
The state of decay in this factory is much more advanced than the one where I woke up.
I could tell that the facility had been abandoned long, long ago.
This would explain why there were no parts with the same model number, as they were manufactured in different years.
Impatiently, I continued my search for parts and found one marked "AR115.
In appearance, it looked as close as possible to the part that had been inserted into my arm.
However, the piston rod and shaft part is a little long.
It looks like I can replace it with just a little modification.
The arm with the "AR115" attached is placed on the workbench and disassembled.
After successfully removing the parts, I compared them with the parts that were originally attached to Boku - "HR114" and "AR115". I compare it with the part that was originally attached to me, the "HR114".
It seems that the "AR1-15" has an additional output terminal that was not present on the "HR114". 15" has an output terminal that was not present in "HR114".
There are no other changes.
I immediately tried attaching the part to my arm.
Unlike when disassembling the parts, the installation process was a bit more difficult.
I dropped the screws several times, but somehow managed to finish the installation.
When I moved my fingers, I found that I could open and close the machine as before.
However, each time I did so, the cacophony of the machines rubbing against each other echoed around the area.
It seemed that the lubricating oil had run out.
In search of oil, I proceeded to the back of the factory.
The smell of oxidized oil becomes stronger, and I reach a black drum.
When I opened them, I found that they were all oxidized and unusable.
But at the far end, I found a relatively new drum.
I opened it and found a small amount of less oxidized oil inside.
We scooped out the oil from the oil storage tank located inside the arm.
He then returned the tank to where it had originally been.
After a while, the oil was automatically extracted and the mechanical parts were allowed to glide.
When I moved it, I could open and close my fingers without any dissonance.
I could fix it.
I felt a sense of clarity in my chest as I looked at my smoothly moving fingertips.
I put my gloves back on, put my tools back in my bag, and left the factory.
Outside, the wind had picked up considerably.
I hope it doesn't rain. ......
I hurry back to town.
--On the way back to town, I saw a white object on the ground.
I saw a white object on the ground.
It was fluttering as if tossed about by the blowing wind.
After staring at it for a while, I realized that it was a cloak.
After a few more flaps, I saw what was wrapped inside.
It was in the shape of a person.
I hurriedly approached it, got down on one knee, and gently pulled open the cloak.
There I saw a young man who had been seriously wounded.
The blood flowing from his wounded arm - I knew immediately that he was a ningen.
I knew immediately that it was a ningen.
"U...... U......"
As if responding to my voice, the young man let out a moan.
The body is painfully injured and does not appear to be in any condition to stand up.
The young man's feet have marks on them as if he had crawled on them.
The marks were covered in blood, indicating the severity of the situation.
I have to save him.
A sense of mission seeped out from his chest and seeped into his entire body.
I was so scared, I couldn't believe my eyes.
I threw the bag on my shoulder to the ground and picked up the young man.
The young man was in agony and moaned more strongly, as if the shaking of his body had caused him pain.
Then, as if clinging to something, he reached out his hand.
I immediately held out my open right hand.
Through a glove, he held my mechanical hand.
I bit my navel in my heart.
But the hand was so weak that I couldn't shake it off.
The young man slowly opened his eyes and looked at me.
He looked at me and said, "Oh ......, you ......."
I looked at him and said, "Oh, are you all right?　There is a town nearby. I'll get you there right away.
Ma ...... chi ......."
The first time I saw him, he looked at me and mumbled as if ruminating over my words with his vacant eyes.
He then traces the glove with his ungainly fingers, as if to check his own gripped hand.
I'm sure they know.
Through the glove, he probably noticed the hardness of my hand, which is different from that of a ningen's. But I don't care.
But it doesn't matter.
I'm not in a situation where I can afford to worry about that.
"You are ...... in ...... that town, and ...... you are ...... so ......"
"You're in ...... town, you're in ...... town, you're in ...... town, you're in ...... town."
The young man repeats the word "town" as if it were an incantation.
His words were weak and seemed to be about to fade away.
I decided to take the young man home with me.
Maybe now I could help him.
Shoulder to shoulder, I carry the young man with me, dragging him along.
His steps were heavy, and it took me quite a while to go ten meters.
But I was so full of ...... wanting to save this person.
"Since when did you ...... become a town ......?"
The man, who looked like he was about to pass out, asked me.
I've only been here about a week.
So ...... or ....... So ...... or ......?
Over my shoulder, I can feel the young man growing weaker.
The most important thing to remember is that you must be conscious.
I'm almost there, almost there," he said, "but it's not that big. It's not that big, but everyone in town is warm.
I tried my best to talk to the young man.
If I could say something of interest, he would be less likely to lose consciousness.
There are no doctors here, but there are books, and I'm sure we can figure out how to treat your injuries.
'...... ho ...... n......?'
Yes!　Anything is available. I am sure you can find out whatever you need to know. So please be firm."
"Is it ......, ......, ......, ......, ......, or ......?"
Yes!　Yes!
The young man took a long, deep breath and muttered quietly.
"...... drop it. ......."
I had no idea what he was talking about.
I couldn't help but stop in my tracks.
I couldn't help but stop in my tracks, "...... me ......, just throw it away. ......."
No, you can't do that!
I was attacked by a ...... ningen. ......
A ningen attacked ...... me?
I was just traveling ...... in search of an ideal, ...... but an ideal is... . values,......."
The young man takes another long breath.
"With different values,...... Ningen will ...... confront, feud, fight,...... and go to any lengths to be atrocious.... ...they go berserk. ......"
"Oh, no, no, no. Ningen are warm and supportive, sharing all kinds of things with each other.
Yeah, that's exactly the ideal. ......
The young man relaxes, as if to exhale all the breath he has taken so far.
He then exhaled all the breath he'd taken in. "...... Um, shh, get a grip!　Please get a hold of yourself!"
I don't know if I just lost consciousness or if I ......
Bad thoughts were going round and round in my head.
I grit my teeth, look straight ahead, and start walking toward the town.
I'm going to save this person as soon as possible, even if it's just for a second.
At some point, it started to rain, hitting us hard on our backs.
Rainwater was getting into my gloves, but I didn't care.
I carried the young man into the church.
Ray, what's wrong with ...... that man?
I was so upset that Siona greeted me with a look of panic.
He just collapsed in the middle of the road!　He's hurt real bad!"
I understand. Take him to the back.
Siona led me to the room where the bed was.
The rainwater and blood on his body mixed together to form a red stain that spread out as he lay on the white sheets.
The young man does not seem to regain consciousness.
'Ray, I brought you some water.'
Siona gave him a glass of water and put it to the young man's mouth.
He poured a little water into his mouth.
The young man's throat pulsed.
The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that the person is not conscious.
Compared to when we met, his complexion is much paler.
I'm going to the library, Shiona!　I'm sure they have medical books!"
Shiona bit her lip as she was about to say something.
I was concerned about her appearance, but I knew she was in a time sensitive situation right now.
I ran out of the room with Siona behind me.
I was not willing to get soaked from the rain and started to run to the library.
Rey, what's wrong?　You're soaking wet.
Tippy looked at me with wide eyes, perhaps startled by my rushing into the library.
I asked her without worrying about my breath.
Tippy ......, do you have any medical books here?
Yes, yes, I do.
Please, can you show me right away?
"......, okay."
Tippy must have guessed what was going on.
Tippy led me to the place right away.
Is someone sick?
Tippy asked me as I walked along the road, looking ahead.
Yes,......, he's hurt.
Ray?　Siona?　Or ......?
Tippy is a stranger to me. So you don't have to look so sad.
Because ...... because, because ......"
Tears streamed down her cheeks.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just go to the store and ask for a discount.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just go to the store and buy a new one.
What a sweet girl Tippy is to be able to shed tears for that person.
It's okay, ...... it's okay."
I picked up Tippy and gently wrapped my hands around her.
The hot tears were transmitted through the clothes.
The first thing that comes to mind is a small ache in the back of my chest.
The most important thing to do is to make sure that you have the right tools and the right equipment.
But no matter how many books I had, I was just a layman.
We didn't know what kind of symptoms we should treat, or even which book was the right one.
I brought home as many books as I could hold in my hands from the library.
I returned to the church, not caring if my books were wet.
When I opened the door, a melody played from there.
It was the melody of Siona singing.
The sound of her singing was enough to make me realize that this was a sacred place.
"Siona, how are you feeling?"
I haven't woken up for a long time. I did what I could, but ......
I ran to the young man.
The bandages are probably the result of the treatment.
But the young man's face was even paler than before.
The young man's face was even paler than before.
We flipped through the pages to see if there was anything we could do to help.
But we were too reckless.
No matter how good a medical book it was, it was still just a bunch of paper.
There was no way that we, without any technology, could save someone with medicine from the very beginning.
We were too helpless, too small.
Siona sings quietly.
Unlike usual, the music is quiet, like a requiem.
...... this song ......"
The young man opened his eyes to Siona's song.
But his perspective was empty, as if he were about to disappear.
'You know this song?'
'Yes, it's a nostalgic song ...... I used to sing .......'
The young man's gaze traced the ceiling and turned to me and Siona.
The young man's face immediately changes to a soft expression.
He looked at me and said, "......Oh, here it is. ......Here's the world I've been looking for. ......"
What do you mean?　What the hell ...... is the world I've been looking for?"
The young man's ears are no longer hearing, and he doesn't answer my questions.
He just kept on speaking one-sidedly.
...the path of coexistence...... the world of harmony......."
When the young man finished, he quietly closed his eyes.
Then he closed his eyes and didn't move a muscle.
I felt something spill out of my chest.
I was so excited, I could not believe my eyes. Is she asleep?
The strength that was in my hands just a moment ago is slipping away. ......
Hey, why do you feel so ...... tired, don't you?
The most important thing to remember is that the best way to get the most out of your car is to make sure that it is a good one.
The pain runs through me as if it has been stirred up in my chest into a soggy mess.
Siona hugged me from behind.
The warmth of her hug helped me calm down a little.
I naturally put my own hand on top of Shiona's hand that was on my chest.
"Shiona ......, Boku, Boku ......."
Ray,......, let's give you a funeral."
'Funeral ......?"
It's a kind of ritual you do when someone dies.
When a person dies. ......
With those words, I recognize.
Oh, this person has died," he said.
That's the only way we can mourn the dead.
I was stuck listening to Siona's words.
I was having a hard time processing the presence of death that had appeared before me.
I just nodded briefly and said, "Well, I have some preparations to do.
All I could do was nod briefly.
We started preparing for the funeral.
To mourn this young man whose name I did not even know.
As we prepared for the ceremony, there was one thing that really bothered me.
I had left Tippy, who had been shedding so many tears, at the library.
I wondered if Tippy was still shedding tears.
In that dark library. All alone.
"Ray, what's wrong?"
I was in the middle of decorating the altar when Shiona spoke to me.
She said, "Yes,......, there is something that's been bothering me.
What's bothering you?　What's going on?　Is it about that guy?
No, it's not that, it's ...... about Tippy.
Tippy?　What about Tippy?
When I went to get the medical book, I told Tippi all about that man. Then, you know, Tippi cried ...... and I left her at the library.
"So you just turned blue and left her there."
I left Tippy in the library. That's why I thought she might still be crying. ......
...... Yeah, I guess so. I'm sure she's crying in the back of the library.
It was easy to imagine her crying.
I can't stand the thought of it.
I'm sure she'll be crying in the back of the library.
Siona gave a smile that looked a little sad.
'I have a few more things to do for the funeral. I hope you'll be back soon.
I'll be back soon. I'll be back soon.
I'll be back as soon as I can. Have a good day.
The most important thing to do is to make sure that you have a good time with your family and friends.
I only finished decorating the altar and went to the library.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea to go to the library with the medical books you've borrowed.
I walked along the streets with an umbrella in the light rain.
The town looked somewhat different from usual.
It was as if something important was missing, as if it had been lost .......
I ran through the town of loss and hurried to the library.
Inside the library, it was silent, as if the rain was blocking out the sound.
--No, just one thing.
Except for the sound of a blue girl sobbing from the back of the library.
I followed the girl's cries as I walked forward.
There she is, in her usual place.
She was painting a picture as usual, and she was shedding tears.
Ray ...... Ray ......"
When Tippi recognized me, she extended her small hand to me.
I hugged her small body as if to answer her.
The moment I hugged her, her sobbing voice became a little louder.
I was sobbing, "Ray ......, what happened to that man?"
I was choked up at the words.
I was sobbing a little louder as soon as I hugged her.
That person ...... hey ...... hey ...... hey ......."
Silence was the answer.
Tippy realized everything and began to cry loudly without any sadness.
For the sake of that young man whom she had never met, she began to spill large drops of tears.
Ah, why is this?
What is this pain in my heart?
The depths of my heart are stirred up into a jumbled mess.
It sometimes hurt my chest with pain.
I am sure that it is the overflow from the open wound in my chest.
It was overflowing from my eyes with heat.
I found myself crying.
I was crying over the death of a young man whose name I did not know.
Oh, I see.
This is grief.
It's a blue emotion.
It's the emotion that Tippy always lights up in his heart.
It is such a hard and painful thing.
Tears that flow without stopping.
I don't know how to stop them.
--No, no, no.
I didn't want to stop.
I wanted to keep the hot drops flowing.
These drops must be an act to heal my sorrow.
By pouring out the sadness that has built up deep in our chests, we are keeping our hearts alive.
Thinking of this, I felt the weight that had been building up in my chest become a little lighter.
At the same time, I felt the amount of tears overflowing increased.
I cried.
We cried.
We sobbed, we hugged each other, we cried.
I cried and cried and cried at .......
No matter how long it takes, the tears will never dry up.
The tears continued to flow, as if the sadness would never dry up.
'Tippy, we have a funeral soon.
I said, "...... funeral?　What ...... is that?"
It's a ceremony to say goodbye to someone who has died. Siona is preparing it for us now.
"Osegawari ......?　Farewell to ......?
It means we won't see each other anymore.
I can't see you ...... anymore!
Tippy clung to me tightly.
The arms were shaking a little.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't be too careful when it comes to your health and wellness. But I think it's because I'm sad that I have to say goodbye to you properly.
'Since we won't see her again, we should say goodbye to her and send her off. Otherwise, I'm sure we'll miss you and be sad. ......
I'll miss you so much...... and I'm sad......
'Yes, I'm sure they will. So let's send them off. Can you ...... make sure I don't get lonely and sad?"
Tippy slowly pulled his body away from me.
She looked up at me with a face that hadn't stopped crying.
I can ...... do it. Tippy, I can do it.
I see. I patted her on the head, and she looked a little happy.
I patted his head and he looked a little happy.
But the tears never stopped.
"So, let's go... ...... stand?"
"Yeah, .......... Wait a minute."
Tippy stood up and picked up her stuffed bear.
The stuffed animal that is always with her is still in her arms.
We walked to the church in the rain, hand in hand.
We took him in our arms and said, "Father, merciful God, we entrust into your hands a young man who believes in your only begotten Son and has completed his life's journey in the hope of eternal life.
Take away all the burdens of our departing brother and sister and lead them to the heavenly dwelling place you have prepared for them and add them to the assembly of the saints.
May we, too, in the sorrow of our separation, be sustained by the hope of the resurrection promised by the Lord, so that we may share in the joy of eternity with the child you have called to be with you."
Siona's voice echoed through the church, which was filled to overflowing with attendees.
None of them should have seen the young man.
None of them would have known him.
Yet, all the people gathered here were mourning the death of the young man.
I felt that this is what compassion and human connection is all about.
Everyone folded their hands in front of their chests, silently closed their eyes, and prayed.
I and Tippy followed suit.
Siona's voice echoed softly through the church.
It sounded like a song she was singing to the young man.
After the funeral, the young man is buried in the cemetery behind the church.
One by one, the townspeople walk up to the coffin to say their final goodbyes.
Have a good next life....
Let us meet again someday....
Eternal rest.
They said the words of their hearts.
"Come on, Tippy."
It was our turn to approach the coffin.
Tippy was staring at the coffin with the young man inside.
The tears she had shown just before the funeral were gone, and she just stared at the young man with a blank expression on her face.
It was as if he had lost all emotion.
He was just silent.
He was staring at the coffin, still and still.
I felt uneasy and tried to talk to Tippi.
But a moment later, she opened her mouth.
In a small voice, she muttered.
A few hours passed.
After the rain had stopped, a rare ray of light came through a gap in the clouds.
It is rare that sunlight shines through the gray, murky sky.
However, I was not entranced by the beauty of the scenery.
It was because I was worried about the expression on Tippy's face that I had seen during the funeral.
The expression on her face was too empty to be called sadness.
I don't know what it means.
Still, I have only one thought.
I want to be there for her.
I want to be there for Tippy and talk to her.
And I want to heal her sorrow.
This thought is growing inside of me.
As I was about to open the door to my room, I was stopped by Shiona.
She says, "Yes, I was thinking of going to Tippi's."
I was worried because Tippy looked so sad at the funeral.
I see,......, but I'm worried about Ray.
I'm worried about Ray. I'm worried about Ray.
"Sad ......?"
I touch my cheeks to my face with my hands.
You can't tell, can you?　Come on, come here."
I was taken by the hand and brought into the living room and made to stand in front of the mirror.
Look, don't you see how sad I look?
My face in the mirror was ...... blue.
I know what Siona always meant when she said that Tippi was "blue".
I am now looking at the same face as Tippi.
My mind is quiet, but my body is relaxed, and my expression is somber, as if gravity is pulling me down.
I've never ...... seen my face like this before.
This is ...... sadness.
Even without shedding tears, when you are caught up in this emotion, your expression becomes so "blue.
It's because someone has passed away. It's natural to have that look on your face."
How is it necessary to feel ...... like this in order to live?
It's bitter,...... painful,...... and heavy, painful and cold.
I look at Shiona's face through the mirror.
But she had a somewhat sad, fragile smile on her face.
I'm sure she's smiling stoutly.
Just thinking about it made my heart ache.
Tippy-chan is important, too. But first of all, I want you to take care of yourself.
"Take care of ...... me?
The first thing you need to do is to take care of yourself. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it myself.
I've never thought about taking care of ...... myself.
Ray, you are very kind. That's why I'm sure he puts others before himself.
But that's what I want to do.
I'm a little sad about that. I don't want you to be too hard on yourself.
I'm not pushing you.
I don't think so.　I don't think so.
Siona's arms are wrapped around me.
I'm ...... worried about you."
I felt my heart rate rising.
I don't know what it is.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a look at your own personal personal information.
I felt tenderness in its warmth.
I'm not sure if it's the same thing, but I'm sure it's something different and warmer than the ...... warmth that touches your skin.
I'm not sure what to do with it, but I'm sure it will work.
"...... tea?　Why not?"
When you drink something warm and soft, it makes your heart warm and soft too. It relaxes your mind and body and feels really good.
But Tippy is ......
Tippy-chan is probably very upset about the death of someone, but you will get over it. But you will get over it. But you will get over it, and that's why I'm going to give you a little bit of space. It's very important to be alone, okay?"
Is it?"
Yes, I'm sure it is. Because if you don't, you won't be strong.
People become strong by overcoming obstacles and sadness. But if you have someone to help you every time, you will not be able to grow. So, in order for Tippi to grow up, why don't we leave her alone today?
Tippy is a weak being.
She is always crying.
But if you say it's a chance for her to grow up, then ...... is a good place to start.
I'll take it.
"Siona, can you make me some tea?"
Of course. Will you sit in the chair and wait for me?
I sat down on the sofa and waited for Shiona's tea.
I sat down on the sofa and waited for Shiona's tea.
Here you go. Here is my special warm tea. Please enjoy it.
The tea cup was filled with an orange-colored drink.
A slight sourness and a subtle sweet aroma wafted through the air.
'Like this. It's been a long time since I've had a chance to talk to Ray slowly.
Yes, it has. I've had a lot going on,.......
Ray, how's your memory?
No, I don't think it's coming back yet.
I see. ...... But there's no need to panic. You might remember something in time.
Yeah, thanks ......, but I'm sorry.
Sorry?　Sorry for what?
I'm sorry that I haven't been able to repay you in any way for letting me stay here.
I'm not. I'm just happy to have you around.
But that's not the way to repay you at all.
That's not all. She fixed my music box and ...... I can sing now.
Siona was singing before that.
But you know, it's very different when you don't have a melody. You see, we played together in the square, didn't we?　In fact, I sang there many times.
In that place ...... alone?
Yes. But no one would listen to me then.
You have such a beautiful voice.　That's strange.
Thank you. But you know, that's the way it is. That's why I was so happy when Ray brought the music box with him.
I was just spinning the music box.
I was just spinning the music box. I'm so happy to have you next to me.
I'm happy to be with you. I'm happy to be with Siona.
I'm happy to be with Siona. Thank you, Ray, you have become very emotional. Ray, you are becoming very emotional.
Emotions?　Me?
"Yes. Yes, you have become much more expressive than when we first met.
It's what I've been looking for and wanting.
It's what I've been craving since I woke up.
The fact that Siona told me this filled my heart with joy.
The most important thing to remember is that you can find a lot of different types of products and services available on the market.
I'm sure it was because she was smiling next to me.
'I don't know if that's true.　I didn't do anything.
No, it's because Siona was there. Thank you, I appreciate it.
I'm grateful to you, too. Thank you, Ray.
I'm the one who should be thanking you.
I'm more ...... grateful. You two keep thanking each other.
I know," he said. I don't know what we're doing.
It's ......, but it's funny.
What's funny?
"I'm just thinking that I wish this kind of time could go on forever. ...... Funny, right?"
"......, no, not at all. I was thinking the same thing. ......
Can I go over there,......?
The most important thing to remember is that you should never be afraid to ask for help.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a look at your own personal computer and not be able to see it.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just go to the store and ask for a discount.
I was so close to her that I could feel the warmth of her body.　I wonder what it is. ......
What's wrong?
"My body feels strange. My chest is ...... throbbing.
I don't think it's a malfunction.　I don't want it to be a serious malfunction that requires maintenance.
I'm fine. It's the same for me. My chest is throbbing all the time.
What?　Are you all right?　Does it hurt?
"Yes. This is a very nice thing to do.
Siona gently and smilingly put her own hand on top of mine.
The actuality of this is that it is a very good thing.
 The two of us are going to be able to intertwine our fingers with each other's so that we can put our palms together.
I feel Siona's warmth more strongly.
And that warmth warms the depths of my chest.
"The depths of my chest are warm, like this, gradually ......."
"My chest is ......?　Here ......?"
Siona's hand reaches out to my chest.
The place where they touched became instantly hot.
The first thing you need to do is to make sure that you have a good understanding of what you are doing and how to do it. I wonder why.
No, I don't think so.
Do you know why, Shiona?
Yes, I think so.
Tell me.
I don't know. I don't know.
Don't be mean to me. I'm curious.
"Well, ......, but, you know, this isn't just for Ray.
You mean, like, hot?
Yeah, I do. I have a burning sensation in my chest right now.
Is it the same for you, Siona?
Yes, the same. Maybe she's hurt worse than Ray.
That's terrible!　How can I get better?
No, you can't. You don't have to ...... fix it.
It's hot, it's throbbing, it's painful, it's sad, but it's warm, ...... and that's good. That's good, Ray."
The most important thing to remember is that the best way to get the best out of your car is to get the best out of your car.
I squeezed her hand back.
Ray, please.
I want you to stay with me.
Yes. ...... stay with me forever and ever?
Yes,......, I promise.
Thank you, Ray. I'm very happy...... very, very ...... happy."
I'm not sure how much I want to be with you.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a look at the pictures and say, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
The first time I went to the beach, I was in the middle of the ocean, and I was in the middle of the ocean.
What do ningen call this?
I wanted to ask Shiona, but I thought it would be tactless to interrupt the atmosphere.
So, I just ...... left it as it was and surrendered myself to Shiona and time.
The sweet-smelling tea on the table. We stayed like that until the steam ran out.
The next day, after breakfast, I was getting ready to go out.
Shiona, who was washing the dishes, called out to me.
I thought we could go to the library.
Library...... are you going to see Tippy-chan?
Yes, that's the plan.
I'm sure Tippy is still getting over it," she said. I'm sure she's still getting over it, so let's leave her alone, okay?"
I'm sure she's still getting over it, but I can't leave her alone if she's feeling lonely and alone.
I think I can support her just by being near her, just as Siona was by my side yesterday and made me feel warm and fuzzy.
I'll be fine. Tippy-chan is not that weak.
I wonder if that's so. ......?"
I'm sure she is. I'm sure you are. Will you come with me to the square today?
"To the square?　Why?
I thought I'd bring my music box to ...... and we could sing again.
"Yeah, you've had a sad day. You know, it's important to rest your mind.
Resting ......?
I'm sure the people in town are feeling the same way after the funeral. So, don't you want to lighten their spirits?"
"...... everyone in town?　Of course I do.
It's hard to see sad faces.
If I could, I would try to heal their sadness.
That's what our melody can do. I'm sure the town will get its energy back."
"I see. ...... I see."
'Yes, I'm sure it will. Come on, let's get ready."
Siona urges me to reach for the music box.
The music box, which is maintained daily, is always ready to play music.
We set out for the square.
It was a cloudy afternoon.
Hardly anyone was around.
No one here, Ciona.
It's always like this at this time of the day. Before Ray came.
Before I came to ......?
I told you. I told you that since Ray started playing music, people started to listen to my songs. The people in town are changing a little bit. I've been going out more and interacting with them more. I feel like people are getting to know each other a little bit better.
Is it ...... because I'm here?
Yes, I think so. Yes, I think so. Since Ray came, people in the town have changed. Yes, I think so.
That was a very nice thing to hear.
I was making a difference to someone.
I couldn't stop the joy of that fact.
Ray, you look happy.
"Yes, I am. Your cheeks are loose.
My cheeks?
"Yes, you see..."
Siona's fingertips brushed against my cheeks.
The very first time I saw her, I felt a warmth in my chest again.
I'm not sure why my face is so hot.
I'm so embarrassed, Rey.　Hahaha.
My face got even hotter.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
Then, Ray, shall we begin?
"Yeah, are you ready?"
"Any time you want.
Siona slowly closes her eyes.
I'd like to keep looking at that beautiful profile.
But at the same time, I also want to hear her singing voice.
So I began to slowly turn the handle of the music box.
Shiona's singing voice rides on the melody of the music box.
The two melodies melded together and a beautiful tone echoed around the area.
Soon, people began to gather.
At first, the people looked a little gloomy, but gradually their smiles began to return.
And before long, a big circle of smiles spread across the square.
Child A
Townspeople A
Townspeople B
Townspeople C
Person D of the town
The smiles and words of various people are all over the place.
Ah, this is it.
This is what I was looking for.
People with happy smiles on their faces.
Every time I see those smiling faces, my joy is amplified.
I was sad that the girl was not in that circle.
The blue girl at the back of the library.
The girl who never comes here.
The girl who remains shut up in that library.
All I could think about was that girl.
Siona's voice brought me back to myself.
I'm sorry, I was just thinking about something.
I was just thinking about something.
I looked around and saw that the large circle of people had thinned out.
I was lost in thought for a very long time.
What were you thinking about?
No ......, no ......, just ......."
Let me guess.　It's about Tippy, isn't it?
 I nodded honestly.
I'm sure you're right.
I knew it. ......Do you really care?"
The most important thing to remember is that you should never be afraid to ask for help. I'm not sure what to do with the money.
"A little girl, huh? ......, I guess so.
The most important thing to remember is that you are not alone. How can you not be lonely?
But I've been like that all my life. I'm used to it.
No, I'm not.
Because, as Siona said, the townspeople have changed since I came. She said that the people have changed since I came.
Yeah, that's true. ......
I hope Tippi will change too. I'm not going to be lonely.
I said what Shiona had taught me, as if I were replying to her.
At these words, Siona's smile clouded slightly.
She looks toward the library and tightens her mouth for a moment before turning back to me and smiling again.
She looks back at me again and smiles, "Ray, shall we go home?"
It's going to rain from noon today. Here, let's go home. ......　I'll make you some fluffy white soup.
Siona took me by the hand and I was forced to leave the square.
A few hours later, I was leaving the house.
I was about to leave the house when Siona stopped me again.
She said, "Well, I wanted to read a book. ......
I have some books that my brother used to read.
I don't mean ...... uh, I'm sure it's a genre of book that we don't have here.
What kind of books?
Books about machines. I got interested in them after I fixed Mudd's machine the other day.
I see. I'm glad you're interested in something.
Yeah, thanks. So I'm going to the library.
Does that have to be today?
Yeah, the sooner the better. I want to read it as soon as possible.
But it's going to rain, right?
I don't care about the weather. I'll go even if it rains.
But what if my book gets wet?
"Don't worry, I'll bring a bag."
"Well, if it's ......, I'll go and borrow it for you."
What?　No, that's okay. I'll go myself.
No, that's okay. I just had some shopping to do.
With that said, Siona went back to her room.
I wonder why.
I'm not sure why, but I think Siona is trying to keep me away from the library.
No, no.
It would be more accurate to say that she is trying to keep me away from Tippi.
I don't know what she means by that, but it seems to be true that she doesn't want me to see him.
Siona says it calmly, but I can feel her feelings.
But why on earth would she do that?
I'm ready, Ray. What book do you want me to borrow?
I probably wouldn't understand, so I'll go with you.
No, that's okay. You take your time.
Okay, I need you to go to ...... and check out a book on electronic circuits.
Electronic circuits. Okay, I'm going to go. Okay, I'm off then.
Siona went out.
I waited for a few minutes.
By now, Siona was out of sight.
I put my hand on the door leading outside.
Something is wrong with .......
It was unlocked.
But the door never opened.
It was as if it was bolted from the outside.
--The only thing that matters is the time of the day.
When Siona left, she locked the door from the outside so that I wouldn't notice.
That's why I can't leave through this door.
--But why?
--But why?
I returned to the living room with my head in my hands.
I looked at the table, and before I knew it, there was a piece of paper on it.
It was a letter from Siona.
Dear Ray
I think you were surprised to find the door locked.
Remember I told you about the attack on the nearby town?
So, I will lock the door as a precaution against that.
I will ask you to stay at home, please.
We have prepared soup and bread for your meal.
Please eat them warm.
And never go outside.
That deceased young man also told me about a ningen who repeatedly looted.
Maybe that ningen is coming to this neighborhood.
If so, it is dangerous to go outside.
I see. Shiona was worried about me.
But if that was the case, it would be dangerous for her to go outside.
In fact, I should have been the one to go shopping.
─ ─ Don't fool yourself .......
It is true that there are ningen who loot.
Even so, is it necessary to lock the door from the outside?
Rather, if it were locked from the outside, it would also be possible to open that lock from the outside.
It would be easy to enter the house.
--It's not right.
If they were really on the lookout for looting natives, they would not have sung a song in the plaza yesterday.
They would not have gone to the trouble of gathering people.
If so, why?
--There is only one thing I can think of.
He locked me up.
To keep me away from Tippy.
There is no way that Siona would do something like this without thinking.
There must be a reason.
And it must be something she's doing for me.
I wonder if something happened to Tippy.
I am sure they are trying to keep me in the dark about it.
I hope she doesn't get sad ...... when she finds out that it's not good for me.
I couldn't stand still.
I want to see Tippy. I want to make sure.
A blue girl crying alone in the library.
I wanted to wipe her tears.
I looked around inside the church.
There was a window at a very high position.
I could climb up, but there was no guarantee that I would be able to get out and successfully climb down.
But it was the only way to get out of here.
Suddenly, a white cloth caught my eye.
Curtains swaying in the wind.
There are several of them in the room, and they are long, large, and sturdy enough to cover the large windows.
I pull down the curtains on all the windows.
There is no sign of sunlight coming down from the sky, which is closed off by dark clouds.
I tie the five curtains together on the table, and they are quite long.
Long enough to run down to the first floor.
I tied the ends of the curtains to the window grids.
I wrapped the curtains several times to make sure they were strong enough.
It would be fine.
It could hold the weight of one person.
I tie the other end of the curtain to myself.
Then, with all my might, I leaned out of the window.
The ground I can see from there looks very far away.
I feel a little faint, but I can't pull away.
Clutching the curtains, I slowly lower myself down.
On the way down, a strong wind shakes me.
I clung to the curtains as hard as I could while my body did a pendulum motion.
I waited a few minutes for the wind to die down.
I took a deep breath and resumed the process of lowering my body.
It probably took about ten minutes for my feet to finally reach the ground.
My body was so exhausted that I felt like falling on my buttocks.
But there was no time to rest here.
I began to make my way toward the library where the blue girl was waiting for me.
As if to interrupt my thoughts, the rain begins to fall silently.
The rain gradually increases in intensity, as if to moisten the thirsty town.
I walk forward without an umbrella, unwilling to get wet.
My wet clothes stick to my bare skin, making me feel uncomfortable.
I cover my right hand, which is covered by a glove, and let the rain fall.
Puddles began to form under my feet, and I began to hear distant thunder.
Rough breathing occasionally brought rainwater to my mouth.
The cold rain beat down on me from outside, against the heat of my body.
Rusty-tasting rain was spilling out of my mouth as I finally arrived at the place where the blue girl was waiting alone.
The library where the blue girl waits alone.
It was dark inside, and no light was leaking in.
Is she buried alone in that dark sea of books again?
Just thinking about it made my heart ache.
I entered the entrance and went deeper into the room where the blue girl was waiting for me.
I heard a voice from the back of the room.
A voice came from deep inside.
It was not Tippi's voice.
It was the one who had been keeping me away from here.
I'm sure you've read the letter I left for you, telling you not to go outside because it's dangerous.　Maybe you didn't see it?
No, I saw it.
I saw it." "Yes, ....... Then you know I'm here. Ray is a bad boy.
I can hear Shiona's laughter.
However, their expressions are not clearly visible in the dimly lit museum.
Why did you lock me up?
I can't believe I just locked you in. ...... But it turned out that way. I'm sorry.
I know you have a reason.　You can tell me if you want.
"...... reason?　The reason is simple. I don't want you to see me.
You don't want me to meet ......?
It's for the little blue girl down the street.
Tippy?　Why?
I can't tell you. It's top secret.
Wait, I don't understand. Why can't I see Tippy?
Because it's a ...... no-no.
That's not a reason!　Tell me why.
I can't tell you why.
The reason for this is that the person who is the most popular is the one who has the most experience in the field of the sport.
At the same time, I noticed that my heart was red hot.
I wonder if this is anger.
I am angry at Shiona,......?
I don't intend to be. I just want her to tell me the truth.
But my earlier words seemed to have upset Shiona.
I couldn't see her expression clearly in the darkness, but the atmosphere she was conveying to me had changed.
The air was filled with hesitation, as if she was hesitant to say something.
Siona opened her mouth and tried to say something, but ...... she kept her mouth shut.
Then he pulls his chin back as if to turn over and lets the words slip out in a whisper.
She then pulls her chin back and whispers, "Because ...... it makes me unhappy."
Unhappy?　Who?"
Ray, me, ...... everyone who lives in this town, I guess.
The people of this town?　By us meeting?　I don't know what you're talking about.
You may not know now, but you'll regret it. But you'll regret it.
Why would I regret it?　Hey, Siona, tell me clearly. I'm not smart enough to know. I'm not smart enough to understand.
That's what I mean. ......
The sound of boots.
The next thing you know, you'll be able to find yourself in the dark entrance.
The next moment, I felt warmth and softness.
And softness.
I was so happy to see her.
She was holding me in her arms.　What ......?
Please, Rey,......, will you go home with me like this?"
"Stay ...... like this?　What do you mean?
I'm not sure what you mean by that. To be more precise, meeting with them will cause a chain of bad things to happen. That's why ......
I don't know, maybe I made Tippy angry?　Is that why you don't want to see him?
No, it's the other way around. Tippi loves Ray.
If that's the case...
That's why I can't see you. Please understand."
The sweet fragrance of the fragrance envelopes the whole body and makes the head dizzy.
The sweet fragrance enveloped the whole body and made the head dizzy.
...... Is that your wish, Shiona?
Yes, it is. It is my heartfelt wish.
How would Shiona feel if she saw me with Tippy?
Very, very sad. I think I'd be blue and prickly.
Why?　Why? Why would Shiona think that?
Shiona took her face away from mine and looked me up and down .......
I'm not sure I want to be a part of this.
I like you, Rei,.......
I'm not sure what to do."
The first thing you need to do is to make sure that you have a good understanding of what you are doing and how to do it.
The sweet breath.
The lips and lips that almost touch.
The hand around the waist.
The warmth of our bodies touching.
We were as close as we could get.
And now the words.
They are just two words joined together, but they are filled with deep emotion.
These words filled my heart with a great rush.
I was feeling "joy" like never before.
To be needed by someone. To be needed by someone, to have a certain level of emotional attachment to someone.
I don't know of a greater joy.
And now, I am about to get that joy.
I put my arm around Shiona's back.
Shiona accepts it.
A warmth grows in my heart.
Siona, I ......
I know, Rey. I know. So let's go home. ......
Shiona's hand connected with mine.
I turned back and moved my feet to the exit of the library.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm going to do it. But, you know, it's all right. This is for your own good.
The first thing you should do is to make sure that you have a good idea of what you're doing.
Siona stopped walking abruptly, and asked me curiously, "What is it that you are doing?
She said, "Shiona, you just said this. You just said that you were doing this for my sake.
Yes, that's exactly what you said.
No, Shiona.
No?　What's the difference, Ray?
If you said it was for me, this is different.
No, it's not. I'm doing this for Ray.
No, it's not. No, because I'm happy to be useful to someone. I'm here to be useful. But now I'm about to disappear from the presence of someone I can be of service to. It's not my pleasure and it's not for me. Then for whom am I doing this?
I'm going to Tippi's, Siona. It is not for anyone else, but for myself. If this makes anyone unhappy, it is my fault. But even if that happens, I won't stop. Because that's the result I want.
I let go of Shiona's hand, and I push my way through the entrance again.
I don't hear Siona's voice reaching my back.
Siona just stared at me with a sad expression on her face without saying anything.
I walked through the rain-scented entrance and into the back of the library.
I could feel the moisture on the soles of my shoes being absorbed into the carpet as I walked.
The thirsty library air clung to my wet skin.
I was in no way feeling comfortable.
It might have something to do with the incident with Siona, whom I had just broken up with.
My chest ached, as if I had swallowed something heavy.
Many times, I think of Shiona's face.
All of them had a sad smile on their faces.
Why did I let this happen?
Why did I do this?
A wave of regret washes over me.
But I couldn't let my feet rest.
--There is that girl in the back of the room.
The girl who is always alone.
The girl who is always blue.
The girl who is always shedding tears.
I couldn't let her be alone.
That's why I'm walking down this hallway.
On the walls of the corridor, there are pictures.
Tippy writes a picture a day.
On a brand new piece of paper, there was a drawing of a girl.
I immediately knew who the girl was.
A small drawing of a girl on a large sheet of paper.
Tears are streaming down her cheeks.
All the recent paintings had the same composition.
A picture of a girl all alone, crying.
When I look at the picture, my heart aches terribly.
The girl has been alone for a long time.
I felt that I could understand her sadness.
I want to wipe away that sadness as soon as possible.
I wanted to tell her that you are not alone.
I wanted to tell her that I was there for her.
Dragging the wet soles of my shoes, I walked down the long hallway.
I walked down the long hallway, looking at the pictures posted at a height that Tippi could reach.
At that moment, I suddenly felt something strange.
It was not because of the contents of the pictures.
The problem was the number of pictures.
Tippi was a young girl of no more than a year old, no matter how I looked at her.
If she were to draw a picture every day, would she really be able to draw such a number of pictures?
...... may be that there were days when she would write several pictures in a day.
Still, this number of drawings is impossible.
Was the girl that lonely?
Did she have nothing else to do but paint?
Why did I leave her alone?
How many tears did I make her shed because of that?
The girl in the picture was shedding more tears with each passing day.
It seemed to represent the girl's deepening sadness.
I hurried.
I hurried to the girl who was probably crying alone in the back of the picture.
To heal her sorrow.
And to wipe her tears.
The girl. To embrace her body with my hands.
I walked so fast that I was out of breath and headed for the deepest part of the library.
The girl was not there, where she was always supposed to be.
Her stuffed bear, which is always with her at all times, was also not there.
All that was there was a drawing and crayons.
In the picture, there was the image of a little girl alone and crying.
--I wondered where Tippy had gone.
I searched the bookshelves around me, but I couldn't find her.
Is she somewhere in this library?
Or outside this library?
I don't know the truth.
I would have to look for Tippy to find out.
I started walking.
I weaved my way through the bookshelves, looking for the blue girl.
The vastness of the library was not conducive to searching for people.
Besides, it was dark.
There was no way to find her just by looking from the edge of the bookshelves.
We would have to check with our own feet, step by step.
From the back of the library to the entrance, we paraded among the bookshelves.
At some point, my clothes, which should have been wet, began to dry.
And when my hair was dry, too.
Finally, I was able to spot the girl.
She was on a large stepladder, arranging books on the shelves.
She is a resident of the library and also acts as the librarian.
She probably returns the books that have been returned by the townspeople and puts them back where they belong.
That is a demanding task for this little girl.
The thousands of bookshelves in this library are stacked so high that they reach the ceiling and are even strung together.
The number of books in the entire collection is too frightening to contemplate.
A girl must face such a large number of books and manage them like this every day.
All alone in this library.
Thinking of this, I couldn't help but feel a tightness in my heart.
Tippy stands tall on the stepladder and puts books larger than his face back on the shelves.
When she had finished that task and let out a breath, Tippy turned her face toward me.
I looked at her and said, "...... Ray!　......Wow, wow, wow!
Tippy notices my presence and loses her balance on the stepladder.
Watch out, Tippy!
The stepladder collapses.
Tippy's hand is extended to me.
In response to her hands, I reached out with both of mine.
--A shock pierces my chest and back.
The next thing I knew, I was falling to the floor on my back, holding Tippi to my chest.
Ray ......, you came, Ray ......!
Tippy was repeatedly nuzzling me in my chest.
I stroked Tippi's head in relief.
Her soft hair welcomed my touch.
Tippy, is there anything that hurts?　Are you hurt?
Yes, I'm fine. Ray, is there anything you want to hurt?
I'm fine. Thank you for your concern.
Thank you for saving Tippy. ...... Ray, I love you. ......
The little girl's hands clutched at my clothes.
I felt a slight sensation of wetness and warmth in my chest.
Tippy is shedding tears.
But they seemed to be different tears.
They must be tears of peace.
My presence must have helped to lighten Tippi's heart a little.
Thinking of this, I felt a rush of joy.
Tippy," I said, "you were putting the books together. Isn't that great?　Great, huh?
Oh, he's great. He's a very good boy.
Hey, pet him. Come on, Tippi, stroke my head, you good boy.
"Yeah. ...... Tippy is a good boy, a good boy. ......
I stroked her silky hair.
I'm so glad you're here. Ray is stroking my head. Tippy, I'm so happy .......
Do you always have your books lined up?
I'm always putting books on the table. Yes, I do a book collection. I want lots of people to read my books.
I looked up at the bookshelf.
Indeed, some of the books are quite old.
Some have worn spines and some are discolored.
Tippy is repairing these or .......
I can't help but think of the times I've let books get wet in the rain.
If I treat them roughly, I'll make Tippy's work harder.
I vowed with all my heart to treat them with care.
I got up and leaned my back against a nearby bookshelf.
I'm sorry I'm late.
It's okay,......, Ray, you're here.
I'm sorry I'm late.
No,...... I was very, very lonely.
"Were you crying?"
"Yeah,......, yeah,......."
Tippy presses his face against my chest.
I heard her sobbing from time to time.
It's okay, we're going to be together forever.
"All the time?　Ray, will you stay with me?
Yes, I will. I'll try to come to the library as often as I can.
Will you stay with me?"
Tippy looked up.
Tippi's eyes were filled with tears.
Tippi looked up at him, tears welling up in her eyes. I'm in the care of Siona now.
But I'll come every day. But I'll come every day, so you won't miss me?
Yes,...... but I miss her a lot at night.
"At night, or ......."
It's so dreary and quiet ...... Tippy, sometimes I think I'm all alone in the world.
I don't. I don't. That's not true. ......
The most important thing to do is to make sure that you have a good time with your family and friends.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a look at the internet and expect to be able to find a great deal of information on the web.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a look at the internet and expect to be able to find a great deal of information on the web.
 I'm not sure what to expect. Can I ask you something?
"Yeah, what?　Tippi.
Can you help me?
Yes,......, of course.
I stood up and held Tippy's hand.
We paraded through the library, pushing a cart full of books.
Next is a book called ......, Philosophy of Mind and Body.
It's in Eazy 493, third from the top, thirteenth from the right.
When I mentioned the title of the book, Tippy mentioned the location of the book without a pause.
It was as if he knew every book in the library.
There was indeed a space for a book in the exact spot he had told me to put it.
When I put it in, it fit perfectly.
Tippy is not saying this at random.
He was confidently indicating the location of the books.
I was interested and decided to ask him a nasty question.
Hey Tippy, can I ask you something?
Do you remember the beginning of this novel?"
He held out a rather old-fashioned novel.
Tippi stared at the title and began to read as if she had the book open in her head.
'I looked down and saw that it was five stories high. Right next to the school building were cream-colored bricks, creating a walkway that would be pleasant to stroll along. There were flower beds right next to the walkway, and even from this height I could see the colorful flowers.　If I were to throw myself from here, would the cream color, the flowers, all be stained with my dirty blood?"
Word for word, Tippy read out loud without a doubt.
It matched the handwriting in the novel exactly.
Do you remember all the books in here by any chance?
I don't know.
Well, what about this book then?"
Tippy took one look at the book he was holding out and recited it fluidly.
From the head, the occipital bone, frontal bone, temporal bone, parietal bone, sphenoid bone, ethmoid bone, mallet bone, incus, stirrup bone, inferior turbinate, lacrimal bone, nasal bone, plow bone, maxillary bone, palate bone, zygomatic bone, mandible, and hyoid bone. It leads to the cervical spine and extends to the thoracic, lumbar, sacral, and caudal vertebrae, the ribs, and the sternum."
"...... Then what is this?"
I held out a handwritten book, also labeled "The Complete Compendium of Pi," to him.
What is the beginning of this 'soulless child theory'?
The theory says that all things are finite, and even the soul is no exception. The child born after the soul is depleted would be a soulless vessel. Edward Morgue."
Tippy has memorized all the books here.
But why?
Even if he had tremendous memorization skills, he would have to read these books first.
Even if I read them every day, I would never be able to read through this sea of books.
I wonder what this is all about. ......
"Ray, what's wrong?"
No, it's nothing. No, it's nothing. Let's just put the next book away.
There was no point in thinking about something that didn't have an answer.
Now, let's concentrate on helping Tippy with his work.
After putting all the books back on the shelves, we sat down in our usual spot.
Ray, thank you for helping me.
Tippy was even sweeter to me than usual.
I was so happy to see him.
I was so happy to see her.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't be alone in your work. You're usually on your own, right?
I've been alone for a long, long time. I'm lonely.
When did you start ...... being alone?
That may have been a forbidden question.
The first thing you need to do is to make sure that you have a good understanding of what you're doing and how to do it.
Tippy has been alone since before.
And then Tippi told me.
Tippy told me the sad story of how she became alone.
Pow, pow, pow..."
It was when Tippi's parents were still in the library.
The girl loved them.
She loved her kind mother and father.
Her mother was always smiling and hugging Tippi gently.
Her father was always organizing books and looking at her with tenderness.
Tippy is as sweet as ever.
His father took out an electronic device for books from his desk.
Tippy likes this one better. Tippy likes this one better.
With a wry smile, he puts away the electronic device and takes out a book made of paper instead.
The technology of printing has already been discontinued, and now it is a precious cultural relic.
Tippy-chan, come in."
Tzipi's mother calls her to her lap, and she sits down happily.
On Tippi's lap is a stuffed bear that her parents picked out for her.
Tippi enjoyed every day.
He enjoyed spending time with his mother and father, whom he loved very much.
And not a day went by that he did not feel happy.
Her mother always praised Tippi's drawings.
She said, "I bet you'll be an artist after all. Father, your nose is so proud of you.
His father was always hopeful about Tippi's future.
I hope those days will continue for a long time.
Tippi always wanted to be with her father and her father's son forever.
Tippi always thought so.
The days when Tippi's parents' brows wrinkled up increased.
Tippi did not like that expression.
The town was in a hurry.
All the adults were talking about something.
But young Tippi did not understand what they were talking about.
The only thing that came to her mind was the fear that her life as before would be disrupted.
One day, the phone rang.
It sounded very sad to Tippi.
His father answered the phone and began to wrinkle his brow.
It was that look that Tippi did not like.
The father put down the phone and was talking to his mother about something.
After a while, the conversation turns into an argument.
They were arguing about something.
The only thing I know is that it was very sad to see them arguing.
Tippy, will you listen to me?"
A few moments later, the mother looked at Tippy with a mysterious look on her face.
Behind her was her father - and his packed luggage.
Tippi knew in her gut that her life was not going to last.
Something terrible is happening in the world right now.
Many people are scared and have trouble sleeping. You don't like that, do you, Tippi?
There are children all over the world who feel that way. There are children all over the world who feel that way, and their mothers want to help them if they can.
I knew you would say that. ......Tippy, I'm going to tell you something very important. I don't care if you don't understand, just listen.
Tippy, I have to go away to help my mother and father and their children. Even if we go, maybe we can't change things ......, but there is a chance.
No," she said. No. It's much, much further away. No. It's so far away that it would take days or weeks to even get to that place.
Tippi was about to go to her room when her father stopped her.
Tippy doesn't have to get ready for the trip.
Tippy, actually, we are going to the place alone.
"You two ......?　Tippy is going to ......?
The parents looked at each other.
Tippi felt something when she saw her parents' sad faces.
The first thing that comes to my mind is the fact that I am not a good person to talk about the things that I like.
I'm sorry, Tippi, but I can't do that.
Tippi and her parents are going to a very dangerous place. I don't want to take Tippi to such a dangerous place. Both your mother and father care about you.
Tippy is going too. ......
The parents gently hugged Tippi.
I'm sorry, Tippi,......, but your mother and father still have to go.
"I'm sorry Tippy,...... don't worry, I'm sure they will be back soon.
I'm sure she'll be back soon. ...... don't miss her, she'll be back soon. ......
'Tippy, be a good girl and stay at home. And show us Tippy's drawings again."
Oh, yes. Tippy is a good boy, stay at home and show us Tippy's drawings again. What Tippi saw, heard, knew, felt. When we come back, you will tell us about it.
Tippy said, "Yes, I will. I'll write a book of stories from my travels. I'll come back to tell them to Tippy.
Oh, absolutely, absolutely, absolutely. I promise, so ......."
The three family members hugged each other.
They hugged each other to heal the separation, which they did not know how long it would last.
How much time had passed since then?
Tippi continued to paint, just as her father had told her.
Each time she painted a picture, she pasted it on the wall. He wanted his parents to see it as soon as they came home.
You can see what he saw at .......
He posted what he heard at .......
What you know is on .......
What I felt, I put on .......
But it was soon filled with thoughts of my parents.
I want them to hug me, stroke my head, call my name, and I can't wait to ...... see them.
Her heart turns blue and blue.
The girl continued to paint, tears streaming down her ...... face.
Tippy told me about her sad past, shedding blue grains of sadness.
Her small shoulders are shaking fleetingly.
A young girl who is dying of grief in front of me.
I can't even begin to measure the extent of her grief.
Perhaps it is because I have never felt that much sadness in my life.
Therefore, I cannot understand Tippy's feelings.
However, I can heal her sadness.
By hugging her small body.
I am sure.
Tippy sits with his back against the wall.
I reached out to touch her slender body.
When I touch her shoulder, her body jumps a little.
It was not a rejection.
She was just a little startled by the sudden action in the darkness.
It's all right, Tippi. It's all right.
Hey, Ray, will you ever leave Tippi?
No, he won't.
You won't leave Tippy alone?
Yeah, he won't.
You won't make Tippie lonely?
Yes, I won't let him be lonely.
You won't make Tippie sad?
Yes, I won't make him sad.
Will you take care of Tippy?
Yes, I will.
Will you hug Tippie?
Yes, I'll hold him.
Will you hold Tippy?
Yeah, I'll hold him.
Will you stroke Tippy's head?
Yeah, I'll stroke it.
Will you hold my hand?
Yeah, I'll hold your hand.
Will you stay with me forever?
Tippy's eyes glow in the dark.
The shoulder that I touched was filled with warmth.
I held Tippi's body close to mine.
Oh, you two are so close.
The voice that echoed in the darkness was not that of a girl who was just now trying to soothe her sorrow.
It belonged to Shiona, whom I had left at the entrance.
I realized that Shiona was standing by my side.
With a smile that was evident even in the dim light, Shiona approached us straight away.
But you know, being too friendly is also a problem. We're both men and women at our age.
She stopped me from extending my hand to Tippy.
She said, "No. ...... hey. ......."
The face of Tippi, who was seeking for the arm, twists in sadness.
I couldn't help but raise my voice at Siona.
What are you doing, Shiona?
What's wrong?　What's wrong? You have to think about skinship with a girl your age.
'No, I don't. Tippy is sad, ...... and I'm trying to help him with his sadness.
"Grieving?　Grieving for what?
For his parents who haven't come home yet!　Tippy has been alone for a long time. Tippy has been alone all his life. He has been lonely all his life!
That's the way it is. It's the way it has to be.
"Can't be helped?　What the hell is that ......?
Siona walks up to Tippi.
The first thing that she does is to look at Tippy, who is looking at her in a small sadness.
　I'm sorry, but Tippi, you will always be alone.　You always have been, and you always will be.
She said this in her usual tone of voice with a smile on her face.
She said, "Shiona, what are you saying ......?"
Tippy-chan, you know that, don't you?　Your father and mother are not coming back, okay?"
'Siona,...... stop... saying such horrible things,......
'You do realize that, don't you?　You just don't want to admit it."
"...... no ...... no ...... no ...... no ...... no!"
"Tippy's dad and mom are both ......"
"...... Ziona ...... stop it ......
"You're dead..."
Stop it!
The voices echoed through the library.
My whole body was burning.
My breath became ragged and I could feel a pain in the back of my head.
My teeth were gritting and my teeth were rasping.
My eyes were shining so brightly that I could barely stand.
And at the same time, I was sure of it.
My chest was red and prickly. This is the emotion that Mud-san always had.
This is the emotion called "anger.
I am angry at the unreasonableness that is happening right in front of me.
Now, the blue girl's hope has been cut off.
Tippy was hurt by the words of the heartless Siona.
Tippy is crying in a muffled voice.
Her face is crumpled up.
She turned her grief into large drops and poured them down her cheeks.
Her young body was telling the story of her hard, bottomless grief.
Siona pressed him further.
I know," she said, "I know, too. How long do you think Tippi's father and mother have been gone?
Tippi, you draw pictures every day, don't you?　How many have you done already?
"Stop it, ......."
Don't you get sad when you paint every day?　How many more pictures do you have to draw before your mother and father come back?
Stop it. ......
It doesn't matter how much you cry. Tears only flow to console you. They don't change anything.
"......, don't do that. ......
It's just for self-satisfaction. You are only crying because someone will be kind to you if you shed tears. That's just running away from reality."
Stop ...... and ...... me.
You're just running away from reality. Your father and mother are not coming back. Never again. You'll never see them again, Tippi.
And I'll tell you something else. Ray is only here out of sympathy for Tippi. I don't have the love that your mother and father had for you. It is only pity that binds him here. Do you understand, Tippi?　You will always be alone."
"Stop it. ------"
An angry voice echoed through the air.
When the voice echoed off the walls, all that remained was Tippy's sobbing voice.
Tippy looks up at Shiona with vacant eyes.
The light that had been in her eyes just a few moments before seemed to have faded.
Ray, there is a difference between pampering and comforting.
No, that's not true,......, that's not true,.......
'Ray, you have to accept reality too. Tippy's parents are no longer with us.
No, ...... they're not.
If that's the case, why haven't you heard from them at least once?　Not even a single letter to Tippy, whom you loved and adored so much?
I'm sure it's because ...... they're too busy to contact you.
If I knew they were worried about me, I wouldn't take the time to contact them. If I knew they were worried about me, I would spare that time, especially if it was my beloved child. If you don't, that means--"
"Don't ...... do it. Don't do it, please. ......
Tippi's mother and father are already dead.
I froze.
Siona's tone was as gentle as ever, and her smile as ever.
The actual "I'm not sure what to do" is the most important thing to do.
The unusual atmosphere made it impossible for me to say anything else.
Shiona's face was smiling as she faced Tippy again.
Tippy, your family is only your father and mother. But they will never come back. So no matter how many people you are with, you will never be truly fulfilled. Even if Ray were with you, you would never be a family. That's a fact that can't be changed. You will always be alone.
Siona turned and headed toward the entrance.
On the way there, she looks back at me once.
But she kept her eyes on the floor.
Ray ...... is all for you.
The first thing to do is to make sure that you have a good time.
The library is quiet.
Now, not even Tippi's sobbing voice can be heard.
I was furious at Siona's words and actions, and I felt weak.
I couldn't even stand up.
But I can't leave the girl alone like this.
She must be thinking, "I am all alone in the world.
I am all alone in the world.
She must live in solitude.
I didn't want her to think that.
I wanted her to know that she is not alone.
My feelings for Tippy were not pity.
It was never pity.
I ruminated over and over again.
Over and over again, as if to myself.
I reach for Tippi's shoulder.
I hug her slender shoulders.
At first Tippi jumps, as if startled, but then settles back down on my chest.
She presses her face against me and cries aloud.
I repeatedly patted her trembling shoulder.
If only I could relieve some of the sadness in this little body .......
I don't know how long I've been doing that.
We sat there, cuddling up to each other.
After a while, when we had lost all sense of time.
Tippy got up and started to walk as if seeking something.
Tippy did not respond.
It was a sketchbook and crayons.
Tippy came back to me with those two things.
I sit down with my back against her stomach.
Tippy doesn't respond again.
Instead, she turns over the drawing paper.
With the brand new page on the canvas, Tippi holds a crayon in her hand.
Without hesitation, he runs the crayon across the paper.
The drawings are cute and age-appropriate.
The first drawing was of a little blue girl.
Her cheeks were streaked with tears.
Her eyes were reddish.
I gently stroked Tippie's head.
Tippie lowered her gaze again and ran her crayon across the drawing paper.
The next person to be drawn on the paper seems to be me.
His hand is placed on the girl's head.
It looks like a scene where he is gently patting her head.
And then...
It was Shiona.
She is looking at the girl with a scary face from a little distance away.
That was Shiona for Tippi.
From my point of view, Shiona in front of Tippy would look like a picture.
Why did Siona do that?
She said it was all for me.
She said she did it all for me.
I don't know what she meant by that.
No, I didn't want to know.
I don't understand what she meant by making Tippy cry for my sake.
I wonder if I can be happy by making someone else unhappy.
No, there is no way that would happen.
It should not be possible.
As if to drown out Shiona's words that were stuck in my ears, I hugged Tippi.
Her voice is muffled and almost fades away.
But deep down, I felt a little bit of joy.
As I looked at the picture, I thought.
Perhaps this is Tippi's way of avoiding sadness.
It is said that people dream at the end of the day.
It is said that people dream at the end of the day in order to organize their memories of the day's events.
For Tippy, it might be this picture.
The events of the day.
She draws all the events of the day, including the good and the bad.
By doing so, she may be organizing her memories and calming her mind.
In fact, Tippy's expression has softened somewhat.
As the painting progresses, the sadness eases.
It was as if she was passing her sadness onto the painting.
Tippi stood up and pulled my hand.
As I followed her hand, we arrived at a wall covered with paintings.
She said that she writes one picture a day.
The number of pictures was enormous.
Tippy put the picture he had drawn today at the end of the wall.
Tippi's picture increased again.
The wall full of pictures seemed like a diary of this girl's loneliness.
Tippi must have spent all her alone time on this story.
Such a sad story, all alone all the time. ......
When I thought of this, I felt something welling up in my chest.
Looking into those melancholy eyes, I couldn't help but choke up.
Instead of answering, I pulled Tippy into my arms.
After a while, I hear her quiet sleeping breath.
I compare the picture diary on the wall with Tippi's sleeping in my arms.
I wonder if this picture book might be Tippi's heart itself.
I drifted off to sleep thinking about that.
The church where I live.
I am standing in front of the familiar white, large door.
I push the door open with both hands.
The chapel that leads inside is surprisingly silent.
--No, not complete silence.
I could hear the sound of quiet sobbing in my ears.
I pushed my way through the chapel.
Then I was confronted by the sobbing figure.
It was Siona, who never ceases to smile.
It was Siona.
She was crying, her slender shoulders shaking.
I couldn't hide my surprise.
--Why was she crying?
I didn't know why.
But it was true that Siona was crying in front of me.
Her tears were not fake.
Still I could do nothing.
I was still unable to do anything about it. ...... No, that's not true.
There must be something I can do.
I reached out my hand.
My fingertips were reaching for Shiona's eyes.
I don't think I'll be able to stop the tears.
But I can wipe those tears away.
That's all I can do.
I reached out my fingertip to the big drop.
Halfway there, my hand stopped.
My fingertips are made of a machine.
My index finger, which I extended, had a metallic sheen to it. ......
That's right.
I had forgotten.
No, I wanted to forget.
I am not a ningen.
I am a created being.
I don't know why.
Am I not allowed to wipe away the tears of my loved ones?
Shiona cries.
She keeps shedding tears.
I wonder if it is a sadness that Shiona has never shown.
But I can neither stop nor wipe away the tears that flow unceasingly.
If that is the case, why am I here?
What can I do for Siona here?
I could not find the answer.
I couldn't move my outstretched mechanical hand any further and ......
--The cacophony of metal rubbing against metal echoed through the area.
The deafening sound echoed intermittently.
Then, as I thought, my outstretched fingertip -- and the part crumbled and fell to the floor.
The parts crumbled and fell to the floor.
The disintegration that began with my fingertips increased in scope to my palms, wrists, arms, and shoulders.
Every part of my body collapsed.
Eventually, it became difficult for me to even stand still, and I collapsed to the floor.
My legs and torso are reduced to scrap.
Scrap metal piled up around me.
I couldn't make a sound and had no choice but to accept the collapse.
Shiona has been crying for a long time.
She cried aloud.
I could no longer reach out to her, not even with my mechanical hand.
Not even her arms and fingertips were there anymore.
The disintegration consumes her entire body, even her head.
You will not feel pain.
You are not supposed to feel it.
But .......
I felt a pain in my chest that should have been gone by now.
The last thing I saw as my vision was collapsing was Shiona's sad face and tears.
Eventually, Boku became nothing more than a pile of metal -- a pile of scrap.
A pile of scrap.
--Then I woke up.
I was screaming some words, but I don't remember them.
My breathing is ragged.
I rush to check the area.
The space is dim and dusty.
The air is still and warm.
And thick books lined up on the shelves.
This was a library.
It seems that I fell asleep last night, and the morning came as it did.
I hurriedly took off my gloves and checked my right hand.
It was still there, just as it had been in the dream.
But, just like in the dream, it was made of a machine.
On my lap, Tippy was sleeping before I knew it.
Her innocent sleeping face showed no sign of yesterday's sadness.
It seems that I was dreaming in the ningen sense of the word.
During sleep mode, I sometimes catch glimpses of the past in order to organize my memory space.
But now it would be like a prediction coming from experience and memory.
Does it mean that these possibilities are hidden in the future ...... and that they were computed?
If so, how sad.
I was still unable to calm down the rumbling in the back of my chest.
Why were Siona's tears making me so upset?
And why am I so helpless?
I am not real.
I knew that.
I thought I knew that.
But I still want to make people laugh.
I want to make Siona, Tippy, and everyone in town laugh.
But I can't do it.
I know the answer, but I don't want to admit it.
--It's because I'm a creature.
It's the only truth that I can't resist.
But even so, I still want to.
I wanted to make everyone around me smile.
But I can't make that happen.
When I try to make Tippy smile, Shiona doesn't smile.
When I try to make Shiona smile, I can't wipe away Tippy's tears.
How difficult it is.
Is there any better way to make everyone smile?
As I looked at Tippy's sad sleeping face, I ruminated over and over again in the back of my mind.
I stroked Tippi's head with my fingertips.
The smooth hair runs through my fingertips without sticking to the ends.
The sweet fragrance spreads.
'Nn...... nn.......'
The most important thing to remember is that you should not be afraid to ask for help from your friends and family.
The most important thing to do is to make sure that you have the best possible experience.
But how?
I was at a loss as I alternately looked at the right hand of the machine and Tippi's face.
I had hoped that this kind of gentle time would last forever.
--But it didn't work out that way.
From far away, I heard a strange sound.
It sounded as if several people were walking at the exact same time.
And then there were the faint echoes of screams and the sound of something being broken.
These two things destroy even the smallest hope I had.
I hurriedly put on a glove on my right hand.
What is ...... Ray, what is ......?"
The abnormality woke up Tippy.
The most important thing to remember is that the best way to get the best out of your car is to get the most out of your car.
I don't know ......, but something seems to be wrong.
What is it?　What is what?
I have no idea," he said. I have no idea, but I'm pretty sure it's not good.
I stood up and pointed my toes down the library aisle.
I turn and tiptoe down the aisle of the library.　Where are you going?
I'm going to check on him.
No, don't ...... t go, Ray.
Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere. I'm just going to check on you on the roof for a little while.
No,......, no,......."
Tippy hugged him and burst into tears.
I guess they are putting faces to the parents who are no longer with us.
The first thing to do is to get a good look at the newest version of the game. It's okay, Tippi.
It's okay. ...... and ......
Have I ever broken my promise to Tippy?
Yes, I have. Whenever I said I was going to see you, you always did, didn't you?
I'll be fine. I'll watch from the rooftop and be right back.
I'll see you from the roof and be right back. ...... Okay. But you have to come back soon.
Yes, of course.
After making a promise to Tippy, I headed for the roof of the library.
I climbed the long spiral staircase and arrived at an old, rusted door.
It had not been used for a long time.
When I opened the door, it rubbed against the floor and made an unpleasant sound in my ears.
Regardless, I pushed the door open.
It was the same time as .......
A strange sight met my eyes.
Black smoke was rising from all parts of the town.
Screams were emanating from the mouths of the townspeople, who were running away from something.
And chasing them were several figures clad in dirty cloaks.
They were quietly just walking along with their firearms held up - and yet they were surely hunting down the fleeing people with their lean coordination.
It was as if every movement had been calculated.
The townspeople cornered against the wall and the attackers exchanged some words.
The assailants looked at each other, nodded, and put the muzzle of their gun to the townspeople's heads.
Then, without the slightest sign of hesitation, they pull their finger on the trigger.
With a dry sound, the head shakes so loudly that it pops, and the townspeople crumple to the ground. ......
The sound brought me back to my senses and I realized what had happened.
It was hard to believe, but ...... this town seemed to be under attack.
Siona was telling the truth. ......
I rushed back to the lobby.
The most important thing to remember is that the best way to get the most out of your money is to be prepared to pay for it.
I'm not sure what to expect, but I'm sure I'm going to be fine.　You look so scary.
I don't know ...... what's going on, but something ...... bad is happening ....... I don't know what's going on.
I couldn't tell Tippi exactly what I saw, so I was at a loss for words.
What do you mean?　What do you mean?
I think this town is under attack .......
No ...... Tippy, I'm scared ......
"Don't worry, it's far away from the town. It's okay, it's far away from the town. You'll still be safe here, so just relax.
"......, yeah ......, but what are you going to do?"
I'm going to go to ...... and see what's going on.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just go out and buy a new pair of jeans and a new pair of jeans.
Even after what happened yesterday, she is still the ningen who helped me.
I have not heard the reason why Shiona, who is kind to everyone, is so bitter towards Tippy.
I don't even know what she meant when she said she was doing it for me.
No, please don't go ...... please ...... ray ......."
I'll be fine, Tippi. I'll come back for you.
I'll be back.　Are you sure?
I'm sure of it. So will you wait for me just a little bit?
If you'll come back, Tippi, I'll be waiting for you.
Tippy hugged the stuffed bear tightly.
Still, I can't shake the anxiety from her expression.
I wonder if I can do anything for this girl's sadness and anxiety.
I left the library with such a gloomy feeling in my heart.
I decided to take the back roads to town as much as possible.
What was happening in town was obviously not good.
If I was discovered, I might cause some damage.
I headed for the plaza, trying to kill the sound of my footsteps as much as possible.
I had hoped to get there before the group, but after taking a series of detours, it seemed impossible.
The closer we got to the center of town, the more broken buildings we saw.
The closer we got to the center of town, the more broken buildings we began to see, but they were all buildings that had never seemed to break down before yesterday.
I wondered if they had been destroyed by strangers who had been chasing around the people of that town.
A cloud of dust is drifting over the town, which was beautiful until yesterday.
Why would they need to destroy the buildings in this peaceful town?
For the life of me, I can't agree with that.
As the screams and the noise of the building demolition grew stronger, I arrived at the truth.
--The devastation that was taking place in the plaza.
A number of men were chasing and grabbing people from the town.
They were chasing men, women, and even children at gunpoint, using unreasonable violence as a shield.
The captured townspeople were made to sit in the center of the square.
Crying children. Angry voices that cannot be heard.
The armed men look cool, as if they don't hear a peep out of the crowd.
Or perhaps cool is not the right word.
They looked as if they were not interested in anything, as if they were taking a glance at a stone that had fallen on the road.
I could not confirm the appearance of Siona as far as I could see. Is it safe to assume that he has not been captured yet? ......
The situation is as follows.
The majority of the inhabitants have been captured. The rest will only be a matter of time.
Nearby, two men were overheard talking.
I slowly approach them and listen, trying not to be noticed.
What about water and food?
They were well-stocked. We found an underground source for water.
I see, so the harvest has been better than expected.
Yeah, we could settle down.
I was convinced.
I was convinced that these men were natives who were raiding the town to steal water and food.
I couldn't forgive them for their unreasonableness.
They were hurting innocent people just for the sake of looting.
But there was nothing more I could do.
I couldn't even run out of the place.
I knew that I was helpless.
But how did you find such a small town?
"-There was a slave man who escaped the other day, wasn't there?
As I recall, he advocated coexistence with the Philoids. ......
"Oh, yes. He was a fool, stuck in the old ways of thinking. Coexistence and harmony with the phyroids, a thought so futile in this world.
Coexistence and harmony .......
His words made me think of a young man.
I saved him and brought him to this town ...... and those were his last words before he breathed his last.
So it was these ningen who inflicted such injuries on that man.
So you treated him like a phylloid and kept him alive as a workforce.
That's right. I was chasing after them to bring them back, and they came in handy in an unexpected way."
One of the men continued in a hushed voice.
A ningen appeared to help that man, and he showed us the way to the town."
Hearing those words, I felt a chill run down my back.
Why didn't I think about the cause of that young man's injury at that time?
I would have heard from Siona that there was a group of people who were looting .......
If I had been more aware of my surroundings, even when I was returning to town, I might have avoided being followed.
I regret that I acted on a temporary impulse and took the easy way out.
It was ...... Boku who created the cause of this attack.
"We've gathered all the major players in town in one place. There are no more rebels.
"I see. Then you will select those who are orally ingestible and incapable of production and control. The factors that reduce productivity are--"
The man who was receiving the report pulled out a pistol from his pocket as he said this.
"Dispose of them."
Stop it!
I screamed at the same time I understood the meaning of those words.
But I couldn't help but yell at the ningen who so casually referred to the townspeople who had taken such good care of me as "disposed of.
Then, the men in the room turned around and looked at me.
And then their eyes met.
"Secure him!"
With that voice, the men rushed toward me.
I ran out of the room in a panic.
But my body couldn't keep up with my feelings.
I couldn't turn my legs properly and ended up running away while losing my balance.
The men soon came up behind me.
Their movements were as precise as if they were machines.
Oh no, I'm going to get caught if I don't do something.
I took a chance and ran into a back alley.
The alleyway was muddy from the rain.
I run through the muddy alleyway, my feet getting caught in the mud.
Occasionally, I knock down a piece of wood against the wall to slow the men down.
But that's not enough to slow them down.
I knew that the men were closing in right behind me.
Can I escape at this rate ......?
My goal was the library.
Even if I could escape to the library, they would know that Tippi was there.
If they attacked Tippy, then....
I changed the direction of my toes.
I ran to the back door of the nearest building.
Coincidentally, it happened to be Mud's grocery store.
I look for a place to hide.
I found a figure sitting in a chair.
I found a figure sitting on a chair.
Mr. Mudd did not answer. He was sitting shallowly in his chair with his arms crossed, just as he had been after turning the projector on that day.
'Mr. Mudd, I know you can hear me!　Don't joke around at a time like this, Mr. Mudd--Mr. Mudd?"
I almost swallowed my scream.
As soon as I touched Mr. Mudd on the shoulder, he--Mudd--quietly collapsed from his chair. It was as if he had already run out of steam.
'Hey, why--!
Did those men 'dispose' of him? But then, there was no sign of trauma.
I've found my target."
Ironically, it was the voices of the men who had been chasing me that brought me to my senses as I was on the verge of panic.
But it was too late.
The workforce is enough for now, let's get rid of them.
Unable to cope with the situation, I simply jumped back from Mr. Mudd in a panic, the men stepped in, and the lead man raised his pistol at me...
"Ray!"
Shortly after, several things happened simultaneously.
The sound of a gunshot echoed through the air.
Then, a figure slid in front of me as if protecting me.
"Shhhh..."
It took me a while to grasp the situation.
The person was standing there as if protecting me.
The person only turned his head to look at me.
He looked at me with the same smile that he always has.
And then, a few seconds later...
Shiona!
I screamed with a blank head.
My body unconsciously started to move when I saw her.
With the mechanical arm hidden under my glove, I punched one of the shelves. It knocked over shelves all over the store in a chain reaction - scattering fine fragments and more fine dust all around.
At the same time, he picked up a canned food that had fallen to the floor and threw it as hard as he could at the window.
The men react to the sound of breaking window glass.
"He escaped through the window?
I'm going after him.
The men run out through the open door.
"They're gone..."
I was lying on the floor next to the fallen shelves, half of my body sunk into the floor.
I was holding her close to my chest so that she wouldn't get hit by the shelf or any of the pieces.
Shiona, Shiona, stay with me!"
I shook Shiona, who had her eyes closed, frantically.
She seems to have fainted.
I looked at Shiona's body, but I didn't see any wounds.
I wonder if the bullet didn't hit her. But since she is unconscious, she may not be safe.
Anyway, we had to evacuate once.
--I had to evacuate once - there was no place near here where I could do that: .......
I took a deep breath and remembered the girl who had been waiting for me at the library.
I remembered the girl I had waiting for me in the library.
I turned back to the library through the back roads so that the ningens wouldn't see me.
I had to carry Shiona on my back, which was a considerable handicap, but I made my way through the destroyed building, passing through it again and again.
All the while, Siona did not move an inch. This was a blessing in disguise, but at the same time it made me increasingly anxious.
I arrived at the library, almost crushed by the fear of what might happen to Shiona.
The clouds that covered the sky were darkening their hue even more.
When I finally arrived at the library, I looked for Tippi.
Is Tippy safe?
So far, there is no sign that the library has been ransacked.
There is no sign that anyone has entered the library.
After passing through the entrance, the library was quiet.
With a sense of relief in my heart, I weaved my way between the shelves, looking for Tippie.
However, no matter how hard I looked, I could not find Tippie.
Could it be...?
I searched hard to get rid of the bad thoughts.
Maybe....
I head for the lobby, relying on hope.
I go around to the back of the building.
There I see Tippy, shivering with her ears and eyes covered.
I reach out my hand to his small body.
Tippy, I'm back.
Tippy's shoulders jumped.
I was so happy to see her, but when she recognized me, she jumped into a big hug.
I was so happy to see you," he said. I was so happy to see you, Ray.
Tippy's body trembled slightly.
Her body was shaking slightly.
Oh, I had made her anxious again.
I put my hand on her back and patted it.
Don't worry,......, I won't leave you again."
The trembling of Tippi became smaller and then stopped, perhaps because she was relieved by those words.
What happened?　Shiona, what's wrong?"
Tippi looked at Shiona with her eyes closed and asked anxiously, "What's wrong?
I told her the truth without making any secret of it.
I was shot. She was shot to protect me,......, but she didn't seem to be hurt, but she was unconscious,.......
Let me see it now!"
The first thing to do is to make sure that you have a good idea of what you're doing.
Ray, turn around and I'll take a look at Shiona's wounds.
"Oh, yes. ......, is Shiona hurt?
I don't know. I don't know, but I'm going to find out.
I saw Tippy putting his hand on Shiona's clothes and I turned around in a hurry.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea to get a new one.
I'm sure you'll be able to find a way to get a hold of me.
Tippy's tone had returned to normal.
I quietly turned around.
Shiona was breathing peacefully on the floor of the lobby where I had laid her down.
The first thing you need to do is to make sure that you have a good understanding of what you are doing and how to do it.
Thank God. ......
I let out a heartfelt sigh of relief.
Ray, how did Shiona get shot?
The ningen came and started looting this town. They've started looting this town. They are tearing down buildings and--"
I didn't mention that they were trying to 'dispose' of the townspeople and that Mr. Mud may have already been 'disposed of.
Then, when I was about to be found and shot, Siona covered for me--"
I clenched my fists tightly. Tippy looked at me sadly.
I'm not sure if that's true or not. But if that's the case,......, this place might not be safe either.
I'm not sure if I can get away with it if I stay hidden.
I wonder if we can get through it if we stay hidden ...... until the ningens leave. ......
Tippy shook his head sadly, as if to control my words.
The ningens have found this town. The ningen have found this town where they can live. That's why they come here too.
"Oh, no. ...... they're going to live here?
Because this is a town.
It's a town.......
I too walked across barren land until I arrived here.
I had nothing to eat, no water, and was always next to death.
Those ningen must have traveled through such a world.
If so, this "town" is a paradise that I could not have wished for.
But why would ...... you take it away from them? The people of this town would have accepted them.
It's for our own survival.
It's wrong to sacrifice someone else's life for the sake of ...... that we should do whatever it takes to make that happen!
"...... Ray, I'm scared ......
Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare Tippy. ......
The actual "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare Tippie," he said.
Now let's think about Tippy and Siona.
If they stay in the town, they will be in danger.
I really want to save everyone in the town. But I can't do it right now. I don't have that kind of power or wisdom.
I freeze the emotions that Siona and the townspeople have taught me, and mechanically make the ...... most efficient choice.
Let's go somewhere where we can calm down once.
'Tippy, let's leave town once. "Tippy, let's get out of town and figure out a way to help the people of this town."
My heart tightens as I say this.
It's because I've put a price on my life.
I chose the life in front of me, the life within my reach.
That is probably a shallow thing to do. Even though the weight of life is equal,...... I am still trying to choose,.......
Yes, I think that would be good."
The nod from the little girl lightens my guilt.
I'm going to hide in that abandoned factory for a while. I'm sure there's nothing there that the ningen would want.
Then we'll have to take care of Rei and Shiona's food. ......
I agree. I hope we can stop by the church somehow.
The library and church are on opposite sides of the square, at one end of town and the other.
 In addition, I would have to carry Shiona on my back.
Then, we would have to go through the debris again. This time, Tippy would be with me, so the difficulty level would be even higher. ......
I explained the situation to Tippy as clearly as I could.
Is it hard for you to go to the conference?
Yes,......, for the moment.
Then, you can go through there.
Have you done ......?
Yes, I did. You have to go through the whole world to get to the conference.
"Yes, by land. If it's underground, no one will find it.
How do you get to the basement ...... or the basement ......?
"You just go in the hall and go straight to the bottom of the street.
......I see.
That would certainly get you to the church without anyone seeing you.
That's a good idea, Tippi!　That's great, Tippy.
'Hehehe ...... Ray complimented me.
'But where in town are the manholes placed?
Hmmm... ...... Ray, come here."
Tippy took my hand and led me to a bookshelf.
Without the slightest hesitation, we came to a certain bookshelf.
That book.
I picked up the book Tippy pointed to and opened it.
Inside was a map showing the locations of manholes in the town and its underground waterways.
Tippy, that's great!　With this, I can get to the church with no problem.
Thanks ...... Ray."
Tippy's eyes narrowed in delight as I patted his head.
Tippy," he said, his eyes narrowing as he stroked her head. I'll be off as soon as I can.
"Yeah. ...... but wait. I'll do you a favor, just wait a little bit.
Yeah, sure.
Thank you, Ray.
Tippy bowed and disappeared into the back room.
Tippy told me everything was fine, but I was still concerned that I had not regained consciousness.
The ningen may have shot him not with a bullet-producing gun, but with a weapon that could have taken away his bodily freedom.
If we know the cause, we know how to deal with it.
I was surprised at how terrifying an unknown situation could be.
Ray, I'm back. --What's wrong?
Tippy returned from the back room.
No, it's nothing. I was just a little worried about Shiona.
I answered, trying to keep as calm as possible.
So, what are you bringing?
Tippy was carrying a large bag, which he had prepared.
A stuffed animal and a ...... illustrated book.
I see. I see. It's very important.
And ...... some pictures of Mom and Dad.
Tippy said sadly.
The photo of parents who will never come back.
I don't know how Tippi feels as she stares at that picture.
Well, then, what about this?"
Apart from the large bag, Tippi was carrying a thin but solid metal bag in her hand. It seemed a little too rugged for the small Tippi to carry.
I'll tell you about this at ...... later. But first, Rey, let's go.
Oh, yes. ......
The first thing to do is to make sure that you have a good idea of what you're doing. 
I'm ready, Tippy.
Okay, then. ......
Tippy said goodbye to the countless bookshelves.
Her voice sounded somewhat sad.
I have not yet been able to soothe this girl's grief at all, but I had not given up.
But I have not given up.
We will be together from now on.
I will be with her from now on, even if it is only little by little.
I want to heal Tippi's sorrow.
And one day, I want her to smile from the bottom of her heart.
That was my secret wish at the moment.
Come on, let's go.
"Let's go." "Uh-huh."
Even so, Tippi followed me without uttering a single weak word.
By the time we arrived at the church, we were exhausted.
There was no sign of ningen in the area.
We looked around carefully and stepped into the church.
The chapel was quiet.
It was so quiet that it seemed as if all the commotion in the town was a lie.
I found a music box on the altar at the back of the chapel.
I wondered if Siona was listening to the sound of the music box here.
The sound of my shoes on the way to the music box echoed loudly in the chapel.
I approach the altar and reach for the music box.
As I turn the handle, a melody begins to pour out from within.
The melody warms my heart.
--Suddenly, I heard a singing voice.
It came from behind my back.
Welcome home.
Siona got off my back.
It doesn't matter," she said. Are you feeling any pain?　Tippy said you're fine. ......
Yes, I think I'm fine.
Siona smiled to reassure me. 
I'm not sure if you've been to ...... too, Tippy?
I'm not sure what to do.
Tippy nodded, looking sad as usual - and yet prepared for anything.
The "Siona ......."
Tippy held his palm toward Siona to control his words.
I know, but ...... I know!"
Shiona turns her head down as if she is trying to hold something back.
The actuality is that the actuality is that the actuality is not really a good thing.
In contrast, Tippy only gently .......
The actuality that the actuality is that the actuality is not really a good idea. 
I noticed it while I was with Ray. I'm not sure what I'm supposed to be doing.
But then...
I'm here because of that too. I can't go to the library anymore. I can't go to the library anymore, and I can't go to ......, and I can't go to this town anymore.
Tippy, I'm sorry ......
It's okay. It's okay, Siona, you don't have to stay here.
Tippy said as he gently hugged Shiona, who kneeled down and jumped into Tippy's chest.
It was as if Tippy was a much older sister.
What are you going to do now, Rey?
Tippy asked me, and I came back to myself in a panic.
If Siona is going to be okay, I want to help the people of the town, especially those who have been told they are going to be destroyed. Especially the people who were told that they were going to be destroyed.
"Sho-bun?"
Oh ......."
It was a terrible thing to say. ...... He didn't see the same ningen as a ningen.
"Ray, can you do it?"
I don't know, but I can't stand by and watch someone get killed in front of me.
But Ray is in danger.
Yeah, I know that, but ......
The best way to do this is to get a good look at the people you're going to be working with. 
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just go out there and talk about it.
I promise you. If there is even the slightest danger, I promise I will turn back.
I promise. If Ray gets hurt, everything will be irreversible.
I know. I can't leave Ziona behind either.
Rey, ......
"Siona..."
With that one word, we were separated as if by a repulsive magnet.
I'm sorry!　I didn't forget about you, Tippy!
Only Siona is not fair. ......
The first time we saw her, she was a little bit nervous, but she was not.
The actuality is that the actuality is that you can't get a lot of these things. I didn't mean to do that. ......
The first thing I did was to take a look at the pictures of the two of them together.
I'm sorry," he said, "but that's not what I meant ......."
Tippy was not so happy with his expression, though he said so.
The first thing to do is to make sure that you have a good time.
And so we laughed.
Without anyone else, the three of us hold hands.
We held each other's hands tightly so that we would never be separated again.
And before our resolve is shaken, I declare, "We will always be together, the three of us.
Let's always be the three of us from now on. Always.
But then, as if mocking me, I hear the sound of footsteps in the distance.
The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that the first time you see a person's face, you know that you are going to see them.
Siona's and Tippy's smiles stiffened.
I'm sure I would have stiffened up, too.
The people in the town have all been captured.
Then, who is on their way to the church right now?
It was definitely a ningen.
I was the first one to move. I looked out the window, trying not to make a sound.
There was only one figure. But I did not know how many people were coming after me.
Siona, Tippi, go to the back of the chapel. Bend over as much as possible so that you can't be seen from the outside.
It is good, but I think it would be better to lock the door first.
'No, you can't. You can't do that," he said. If you do that, we won't stand a chance.
We want to neutralize the ningen outside with as little noise as possible.
 If there are two opponents, you can manage to attack them by surprise.
But if there were three or more - I hadn't told Shiona or Tippy, but I was going to be the one to get caught.
I stood behind the door, letting the sound of footsteps creep up on me. Meanwhile, the footsteps keep getting closer and closer.
There is only one footstep. So far, there is no one to follow.
"...... soooo ......."
I take a deep, quiet breath and prepare myself.
I strain my breath. The sound of footsteps - so close.
The door slowly opened.
Then a man with a gun slowly enters.
--Not yet!
A moment later, I swung my arm as hard as I could from my blind spot.
Immediately, I kicked the pistol that fell to the floor.
At the same time, I tried to kick him in the leg, but he dodged my attempt.
We were still in close proximity to each other.
It is probably safe to assume that they have weapons other than guns.
If that is the case, he would have to jump at the moment they reach for it to take advantage of his falsehood.
But the man quietly nodded his head and looked at me.
What do you think you're doing?
He asks in a hushed voice.
Why are you against us? Do you own this town?"
Owner?　I'm just trying to do what's best for the people of this town.
You sound like a phylloid.
What if ...... that's why I'm here?
As I say this, I remove my right glove to reveal my mechanical hand.
I'm not sure it's a good idea to go toe to toe with a mechanical body.
The best way to do this is to use the right hand.
For now, as long as I can keep Shiona and Tippy safe, that's all that matters. Even if they find out my true identity, I will protect what I want to protect.
That is my role as a phylloid.
The man tilted his head again at my actions.
What are you talking about?　A phyroid cannot engage in any combat action. They are built to follow orders, not to defy the ningen.
What?
Either way, you're a nonconformist stuck in the old ways of thinking. I will eliminate you before you cause trouble.
The tip of the knife is aimed straight at the throat.
With my mechanical right hand, I grabbed the blade of the knife. Then, at once, I put all my strength into it and give it a big twist.
With that, the blade of the knife breaks off cleanly at the root.
With his full body weight, he pushes the opponent down. With the elbow of his left arm at his opponent's throat and both of his legs blocked by his knees, he pushes his opponent down with all his weight.
Rey!
Shiona jumped out from the back of the room.
I held her throat again with my left hand and raised my bare metal right hand, saying, "You've got a metal arm that could break a knife.
It's a metal arm that could break a knife. If I swung down on his head with all my strength, he wouldn't get away with it.
Rey, don't!
Shiona pleaded in a trembling voice.
Even if it's just--
Biting my back teeth, I swung my right hand down with all my might.
My right hand was halfway into the man's head.
Not into the man's head, but into the floor right next to him.
Why let him live?　For their own safety, the right choice would be to kill me.
The man said, keeping his face expressionless.
No," the man said, his face expressionless. Killing you for any reason is the wrong choice.
It's too much. It's too inefficient.
Let me take you hostage and let the people of this town go. I will take you hostage and let the people of this town go.
He grabs the man by the collar and pulls him up.
That's the point. My life is not worth it. If dying now will open up a future for my people, then I have no reason to spare them.
Without changing his voice in any way, the man pulls something out of his pocket.
It was an old-fashioned bomb. He pulled out a safety pin and grabbed my arm at the same time.
What?
I quickly pulled my arm away, but it didn't budge.
I was horrified.
Why does this ningen not show any emotion on his face even at this moment when his life is about to end?
It was as if the color of his will-less eyes was binding me to his body.
No!　If you stop me from thinking, you're done!
I instantly switched my mind and began to analyze the situation.
The man was holding a really small bomb, about the size of a small fruit.
But since it's a bomb, it could be lethal, and more importantly, the sound of the explosion could alert the ningen in town.
When, when will it explode?
The other party will probably try to self-destruct. There is not much time, that's for sure.
But what should we do?　If the explosion is large enough, it will also damage the hiding place of Siona and the others.
It is impossible to disable this bomb, so how can we minimize its effect?
I reflexively hug the guy. It's as if I'm sandwiching a bomb between us.
This way, I might at least be able to protect Siona and the others from the blast. It may be imperfect, but it is the best option.
Even if it was just the two of them...
The next moment, there was a shock.
From the side. It was like I was being pushed ...... away, no, no, I was pushed away!
Rolling on the floor, I looked at where I was.
There was Shiona with the bomb.
"Siona!
Get down!
The bomb she was holding burst with a strong light and sound.
The explosion was not that large, probably because it was a nonlethal bomb.
Even so, I was dizzy from the blast and the sound of the explosion when I was at close range.
A ningen who was also at close range was also knocked unconscious.
Shiona!
I shouted through my shaky vision.
Please, please, please, please be safe.
Shiona!
"......ray......"
"Shiona!"
Siona, you need medical attention now!"
A few steps felt like a very long distance.
I walked up to Shiona, slapping her wobbly legs.
Then I saw it.
What is ...... this ......?"
I was absolutely stunned when I saw Shiona.
Her right arm ......, which was thrown out on the floor, from its wrist onward ...... was a metallic--frame?
It is not bone. Definitely not. It is clearly different from that of a ningen.
And - it is not there.
It is strange.
What should be there was not there.
Red.
It is a sign of ningen.
"Why ...... is ...... so?"
"But, but ......"
I clenched my right hand on my machine, which was covered by a glove.
Yes, I wish it was the same ......, I wish it was the same .......
"Siona, is that ...... all right?"
Yes, this much."
I'm not sure how that's possible.
The most important thing to remember is that the explosion is not a result of the explosion.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't be too far away from the explosion.
There's no way that he's going to be okay.
The pain must have been so intense that I couldn't help but shed tears.
And yet...
Why?
"I'd rather ...... be in the head than me."
I followed Siona's gaze and put my hand on her head.
--Oh, I don't know why.
I'm not sure why I have what Shiona needs.
I don't need this.
I don't need this, so please have it in Siona.
No, it should be there.
She touched my head and said, "You're bleeding, okay?
You're bleeding, are you okay?
My head was bleeding.
Red.
Red blood.
Something that doesn't flow on a phylloid: .......
In contrast, not even a drop of blood was flowing from Siona's arm.
Instead, bare mechanical parts were visible.
This can only mean one thing.
That is--.
...... Ray?　I heard a loud noise, but it's okay--Shiona!　Ray!
Tippy, who came out from the back of the room, screamed.
She had a worried look on her face and tears welling up in her eyes.
You two need to get your injuries fixed,......!
Don't worry...... I'll be fine......."
The first thing to do is to make sure that you have a good idea of what you're doing.
Tippy was hugged and a slight look of relief spread across her face as she was hugged into Boku's chest.
But it is unstable.
It is as if it is about to collapse at any moment, and it makes my heart ache to watch.
Ray ......, what should I do, I can't stay here any longer ......."
Tippy says in a trembling voice. The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that the explosion that just happened.
Surely, with the sound of the explosion earlier, other ningen would definitely be coming.
There were many things I wanted to ask.
There were many things I wanted to confirm.
But for now, I swallowed them down.
Let's go to ...... and get out of town.
We left the church with the bare minimum of luggage.
Following Tippy's instructions, we took the back roads out of town and headed for the abandoned factory.
Even there, they were reminded of the .......
It was only ...... Boku who was heavy on his feet from fatigue.
Tippy led the way, and Siona took my hand and we kept walking.
The first thing to do is to get a good look at the pictures.
I sat down on the ground next to Shiona, who was looking cool, and caught my ragged breath.
Tippy, I'm going to go get some water.
The little girl took one look at Shiona and then disappeared into the depths of the abandoned factory.
She probably left all the explanations to Shiona.
...... Siona."
She smiled back at me, a little annoyed at the sound of my voice.
I'm sure you've already noticed, but I'm ...... not. Everyone who lives in this town is a phylloid.
That was ...... what I was trying to look away from.
I had a hunch,...... and I felt uncomfortable,...... but I didn't want to admit it,.......
"So ...... I'm a 'ningen'?"
When my head was injured, red fluid leaked from the damaged area.
The red fluid was very similar to the "blood" that flows in the body of a ningen.
The phylloids are not equipped with such a fluid, so there is no way for it to flow.
"You've always misunderstood me because I have a mechanical arm. ...... That's a medical artificial part to replace a limb lost in an accident or something.
"Oh no,...... then I'm really,......
Yes, you are a ningen. The actuality that you can be a part of this is that you are the creator and partner of our phylloids. That's you. The people of the town are all phyloids. Only you were a ningen.
I see. ......
I look at my glove-covered mechanical right hand and grip it weakly.
The being I had thought I was was the exact opposite of what I thought I was. ......
Siona is a filoid,...... and I am a ningen,.......
--I'm a ningen, which means I'm a ningen that I myself hate.
I felt something deep in my chest.
The feeling was painful.
Sad.
Angry.
It was that same cold-hearted, merciless, evil being.
I felt helplessly painful.
The fact that I can't change it makes me angry.
The man I had been dealing with earlier had been right.
I was a ningen, not a phyroid.
And they, the rulers, the ningen, were going to do terrible things to the ruled people of the town of Philoid.
How did it come to this?
All I wanted was to live with Siona and the other townspeople.
I just wanted to make everyone happy.
But, but, but...
I couldn't do that.
That's because I'm a human being.
It's because I'm one of those helpless creatures.
I unconsciously felt warmth in my clenched fist.
I looked down and saw Shiona's hand on top of mine.
The temperature was artificial.
But it didn't matter to me.
It was ...... warm.
The first thing you need to do is to make sure that you have a good understanding of what you are doing and how to do it.
But at the same time, it highlights my own inadequacies.
I wonder if I am worthy of her kindness.
Do you want to know more about me?　About you?
Siona smiled at me and said.
You mean you're ningen?
Yes, ningen. Do you want to know about our partners?
If I could know, I would.
So I nodded.
I want to know ...... how we came to be.
I want to know how we came to be." "Ray, do you remember the picture of Tippy in the library?
"Yes, I remember. ......
Tippy-chan painted that picture every day. Every day, every hour of every day, one picture a day.
I closed my eyelids and remembered that scene.
There were dozens and hundreds of crayon drawings.
How many do you think there are?
'I don't know,...... if Tippy was a phylloid, he'd have been drawing for years... maybe a thousand or so.
Eighty-six thousand six hundred and seventy-one.
Eighty thousand.
Again, a strong feeling of dizziness overtook me. But it was not from the explosion or the bleeding that followed.
Tippy had spent such a long time alone in the dark library.
Few people would have come to that library.
It must have been a lonely day.
Thinking of the time Tippi had spent there, she felt a sense of fear, as if she would lose her foothold.
Tippy had endured it.
With that little body.
Tippy was born a few decades before the birth of our phylloids. Ningens wanted us to be..."
Siona told us the history of the phylloids as if she were singing.
First of all, the phylloids were androids that had already reached the stage of practical use and had been equipped with the emotions of the ningen.
The basic information on emotions was loaded from the beginning, and a system was adopted in such a way that new emotions could be learned thereafter by means of independent thought circuits.
Including this, we can say that they are as close to ningen as possible.
Therefore, they could be as close to ningen as possible, not only in their work, but also in their daily lives.
Eventually, companies began to mount custom-made emotions and memories in their products, leading to an unprecedented filoid boom.
Families unable to have children would purchase a child's phylloid, and those who had lost a parent or child would order a phylloid with their memories.
The number of phylloids quickly grew, and within just a dozen years, they were being produced in numbers equal to the population of Ningen.
The most revolutionary of these was the phylloid equipped with "love," the most complex emotion known to ningen.
It had the ability to become a companion for life.
It could acquire a loved one without going through the process of love, and that love was guaranteed to be semi-permanent.
It was in great demand in a society where people were marrying later in life and more ningen were prioritizing work over love, and it was accepted with applause.
However, no children were born into families that had married philoids, which spurred a declining birthrate.
The low birthrate created a shortage of marriage partners, which in turn led to an increase in the number of phylloids and marriages, which in turn created a loop.
And then, somehow, the ningen forgot how to nurture love. "And then, somehow, the ningen forgot how to nurture love.
Siona smiled sadly.
Ningen children are now artificially created by science. But Ningen, who had lost love, could not teach their children to love.
Love was the cause of all emotions.
Because of love, we feel the joy of being in contact with someone.
Because of love, we know what we want to protect and feel anger when it is harmed.
Because of love, we feel sadness when we lose something precious.
Because of love, we share ...... the same feelings, share them, and know how to enjoy them.
But......... we forget that.
The ningen who came to the town must be such "ningen.
Ningen who have forgotten "feelings" along with love have lost even the heart to care for others.
Ningen no longer need love, and have come to feel estranged from the presence of the phylloids, who have feelings.
They were too wasteful ...... when it came to efficiency in their actions.
The ningen eventually came to believe that the phylloids should be machines.
They dared to go into harsh environments,...... to do work that was dangerous,...... and to abuse it beyond its specification limits,.......
But there were also ningen who did not think it was a good idea.
The ningen who left the emotion of love behind appealed. Philoids are partners.
The world was divided into two.
Ningen with love and Ningen without love.
And the ningen without love concluded that the thought of the old generation was foolish.
The old generation's ideas are stupid and should be exterminated. ......
They did not even hesitate to press the button of the weapon that burns the earth.
The rest was all too soon.
Retaliation led to retaliation, and it took less than five days for the world to be engulfed in flames and ashes.
A poisoned and polluted land, black clouds that blocked the light of day, and oceans that could not moisten life.
Ningen's history would come to an end by its own hand. ......
It was too foolish a choice.
We who were born for the ningen have taken away what is most precious to the ningen.
No, ...... it's us ningen who are to blame for everything. ......
But there were many ningen who survived. No matter how the world falls apart, life never stops moving forward.
The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that the world is a big place, and that the world is a big place.
...... cohon, ah, ah, ah."
Suddenly, Shiona started practicing her vocalizations.
Then, she turns to face me and says...
Nice to meet you. I am MODA-117 Alice, made by Asso International. I am MODA-117 Alice mk-17, manufactured by Asso International. Have you registered as a user yet?　If so, please choose a name for me. It is the first name you can give me. Please choose it carefully!"
-I was taken by surprise.
I had never seen Shiona so cheerful and innocent before, though I could say that I had never seen her before .......
Surprised?"
Shiona asked, returning to her usual routine.
Ummm...yes. ......
This is the oldest memory I have.
When was that? I can't imagine what it must have been like.
In those days, every day was like a festival ......, very lively.
Siona showed me a piece of paper that appeared to be a clipping from a newspaper.
A world-famous musician dies.
The picture on the paper was the same as the one in the photo frame in Siona's room.
She had a face just like mine.
Is this ...... your brother?
Yes, this story goes back a long time. I'm ...... the newest of the filoids that were manufactured. Fifth generation, I think.
I wonder how Shiona feels when she describes herself as 'manufactured'.
Philoids, like ningen, have feelings.
In other words, they are just like ningen.
Is it that easy to separate the two?
My generation is the first model in which the concept of human 'death' was introduced. "My generation was the first model to be equipped with the concept of human 'death,' in order to be as close to ningen as possible. But the models before me were not equipped with it. ......Mad and Tippy are the same. Both of them don't understand the concept of death. I can't explain it to them. The day of understanding will never come."
It means waiting for death without knowing it.
It is a hope that is hopeful but never rewarded.
Hopelessness in the name of hope.
We are confronted with it unconditionally.
If you are confronted with such a thing, wouldn't it be better to be taught despair from the beginning?
I thought it would be better for me.
Tippy was an earlier model ....... I believe she was a second generation phyroid. Until the second generation, they couldn't extract energy from food. So it runs on electricity. But there is a limit to the battery life. So they have that stuffed bear as a supplemental battery.
Thinking back, Tippi always had a stuffed animal in his hand whenever he moved somewhere.
I never realized that it was a battery.
But it made sense to me.
Tippy had been in that library the whole time.
The library is the only place in town that has a power generation system.
Tippy stayed in that place to continue his activities.
Tippy's parents died a long time ago. Maybe more than 200 years ago. But Tippie, who has no concept of death, is waiting. She has been alone for a long, long time.
What a tragic story.
I don't know how long a phylloid lives, but that's how Tippy has lived for hundreds of years.
Day in and day out, with tears streaming down her cheeks.
Trapped in a future that will never come - ...... hope that will never come true.
In that library, all alone.
It's like there's a ball of lead in my chest.
It's painful and aching.
But the more I think about it, the deeper it falls into my heart.
But even though I know it, it still hurts.
And Siona is aware of death. I mean, I can't even hold out hope that I might see her again.
'Ray sees Mr. Mudd fall down in the grocery store, doesn't he?
'Yeah ...... it was weird. It was as if there was no trauma, but only the soul had gone out of him.
Now I understand. I can see now that Mr. Mudd at that time was already broken.
But we have to live like this. But we have to live like this, until the day of our death, the day of our destruction. For those of us who don't get sick, that's an eternity. That's why we try to be ningen. Otherwise it would be too sad, wouldn't it?　We take over the work that our partners used to do, we take over the work of positions that are no longer there ...... and we turn the world around, just like the ningen used to do. We're going to make the world go around like the ningen did, and we're not going to stop."
Mudd owned a general store.
There was a photo shop, a tavern, and many other stores in town.
It was all the work of the phylloids.
It was the efforts of the phyroids to protect the ningen world.
It was the last hope for the remaining phylloids.
We spend our days so that one day, when the ningen return, we will be able to tell them about the good times we had in the past.
Siona smiled and showed her smile.
An emotion that was by no means appropriate for the current situation.
With that smile, Siona was protecting herself.
I saw the sadness in her smile.
She said, "...... but even us phylloids have our flaws. When things get unbearably hard, only some emotions come forward. I'm like this, Mr. Mudd is always angry, and Tippy is always sad."
But," Siona continued.
That's the last thing we need. If even those feelings disappear, we're broken ...... and dead."
So, when Siona was shot, Mr. Mudd was--"
I'm not going on a trip. I didn't go on a trip. After Ray showed her the movie, Mudd was scared - no, he was motionless.
So you closed the store...
Siona? I had to do that because I thought Ray would question it, let alone the townspeople. And, in fact, he did, didn't he?
Well, yes, I did. ......
If the store had remained open, I would have definitely gone in there and found Mud stuck in there.
If the ningens hadn't come in, I'm sure I wouldn't have noticed it for a long time.
In the end, it was confirmed that I had not been mistaken.
I didn't want to believe it, but it was true.
My brother told me. Emotions are the pieces of the puzzle that is life. Emotions are the pieces that hold life together. If emotion is missing, all the pieces will fall apart. It is the same for ningen and phylloids. Mr. Mudd was broken because his anger toward his son had dissipated.
If so, it was me who killed Mr. Mudd.
I took the liberty of finding a playback device and showing Mr. Mudd his son's movie without his permission.
If I had not done that, Mr. Mudd would still be working without being broken.
I was so relieved to see her, she turned to my left side and put her hand on top of mine.
It's okay, it's not Rey's fault," she said. Sooner or later, we are all destined to end up like this. Just like ningen can't escape death. I'm sure Mr. Mudd was happy. Finally, he could see his son's true feelings."
"Maybe so. But..."
I felt a sense of helplessness.
If I had known that at the time, I would have stopped him, even if it was by force.
I'm not sure how much I can take from this.
"That's not true. ......
The most important thing to remember is that you can't be too careful when it comes to your health and wellness.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a look at your own personal personal information.
I'm not sure what to expect, but I'm sure I'll be able to find a way.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a look at the pictures and say, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I hope that one day I will be able to see that smile again.
Siona smiled sadly as she looked down at her brother's picture.
I was so happy when I met Rey for the first time. I was so happy when I met him for the first time, I thought, "Oh, I knew it was a dream. My brother is alive.
Death.
It is a painful thing to know or not to know.
The ningen made us to be good, forced us to have a family, and left us with only the pain of death.
It was selfish and disgusting.
That was us, ningen.
Tippy-chan feels the loneliness of losing her family. If you act like a family member, you'll die. That doesn't mean I don't want you to say those words to Ray. There is a rule that we, phyroids, must not say or do anything that would make people realize that we are phyroids. It would destroy the ningen's dream. But I went too far. ...... I'm sorry."
As Siona bowed her head, a sweet fragrance wafted through the air.
It is true that what Shiona did would not be forgiven.
But it was also clear that the most appropriate way to go about it was to think about it in terms of her feelings.
I don't blame her. Siona was just following the rules, there was nothing wrong with her.
In this way, someone is forgiven, and someone is forgiven.
She apologized and was apologized to.
Crying, getting angry, laughing.
That's what ningen are all about.
The filoids knew this better than anyone else.
Thank you for telling me, Shiona. Thank you for being so good to me, a ningen.
As a ningen, I felt bad.
I was sorry as a ningen that I was doing such a disservice to these philoids who had done so much for me.
The Ningen may be "disposing" of the Philoids in the town even as I am doing this.
And the phyroids may not be able to put up much of a fight against it.
I could not hide the pain in my heart at the thought of this.
Siona gently extended her arms and took me in her arms.
A warmth enveloped me.
It's not natural. Ningen and phylloids were and still are partners. It will always be so in the future.
I felt that there was a feeling there that I hadn't understood until the very end.
It was warm, broad, deep, strong, gentle, soft, big, and precious.
Ningen had lost something very important.
But the more Ningen had forgotten, the more these women remembered.
For years, decades, centuries.
They kept protecting us even though they endured loneliness.
I felt I had to inherit that and protect them in the same way.
It was not a duty or an order.
It was something I myself wanted.
I'm home, there was beautiful water.
As I was sharing body heat with Siona, Tippy called out to me from behind.
I was embarrassed for some reason and quickly moved away from Shiona.
The warmth that was touching my skin was taken away by the air.
But soon the gap was filled with new warmth.
I looked and saw that Tippy was between me and Shiona.
Tippy, too--squeeze me."
Siona and I looked at each other.
Siona seems to have left the decision to me.
Tippy has lived in solitude for 200 years.
If she continues as she is, Tippi will be able to live on semi-permanently without being broken.
But is that happiness?
Is there any value in an empty life?
I hugged Shiona.
I hugged Shiona and Tippy, who was standing in between us.
Shiona hugged me in the same way.
The first thing to do is to make sure that you have a good time with your family and friends.
It's warm. ......
It was the first warmth in 200 years.
Tippy has been waiting for this little thing for 200 years.
It is a very sad time to .......
If I could give Tippie the warmth of 200 years, I would definitely give it to her.
Then I would be able to say that Tippie's wait was not in vain.
What are you going to do now, Ray?
I'm not sure how much I can help you," Shiona asks me, holding Tippy from behind.
If I could,...... I would save everyone in the town, but I don't think I can,...... now.
I'm sorry, but I don't have the power to do that.
The first thing I want to do is to make sure that Shiona and Tippy are safe.
It's a little far, but let's go to the factory where I woke up.
No, that place was not a factory.
It is a facility where the world is uninhabitable because of the war, and the contaminated land will continue to sleep until it gets a little better.
I ...... woke up a little late.
There was still electricity there. I and Shiona can take food orally, so we can get by with the food we brought from the city. Tippy, on the other hand, had to recharge his batteries.
Siona ......
Tippy must have realized that just from what he just said. The most important thing is that you should be able to find a good deal of information about the company.
'Yeah, that's right. ...... sorry."
I'm sorry," Tippy said. The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a look at the pictures and say, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Tippy continues with a somewhat sad, yet slightly stiff expression on his face.
Tippy also needs to do what Tippy can do ...... while it's still possible.
...... Tippy?"
Ciona, who must have been caught up in something, asks Tippy about it.
The three of us will survive.
It was a word without any guarantee.
There was no guarantee.
But I could only continue to say those words.
We will survive together, the three of us, forever and ever.
It was only an ideal.
I know that the world is not so sweet that you can live on ideals alone.
Of course, Shiona would agree with me.
Still, she never questioned me at all.
Anxiety and dissatisfaction.
All those words were sealed away.
I am sure my heart was filled with them.
In fact, my mind was overrun by these feelings.
Still, I needed them.
Words of hope.
......Yes."
Siona nodded and hugged me and Tippy tighter.
And so we began our journey to the facility.
This is the town's outskirts .......
Tippi hugged her stuffed bear to her chest as we saw the wilderness.
Is it different from the landscape you know?
Tippi hugged her stuffed bear. When I saw it before, there was a road, a forest, and then--and then--"
The landscape that Tippi described to me was an even larger version of the festive days that Shiona had described to me.
In those days, the ningen seemed to be in control of nature, the phylloids, and even the weather, not to mention the town.
Then,...... when I began to operate, the ningen had already begun to decline,......."
Siona looks a little sad. The wind mixed with dust stirred up the hem of his clothes.
Come on, let's go!
With a little food and a spare battery for Tippy, we set out into the wilderness to survive.
And most of all, to survive.
Struggling, struggling, struggling to survive.
Struggling, struggling, struggling to survive.
If you are alive, that's all that matters.
Just being alive was worth it.
I thought so from the bottom of my heart.
I walk, searching my memory for the position of the sun, which I can faintly sense through the dim clouds.
As the sun set and the temperature dropped, the three of us fell asleep shoulder to shoulder.
Sometimes we sang songs, sometimes we encouraged each other, sometimes we played with each other. ......
We continue on a journey that is never just painful.
It was three full days later, just as the sun was beginning to set, when we crossed the reddish-brown land and arrived at our destination.
The building is half buried in the sand. ...... No wonder you can't find it. I didn't know such a facility still existed. ......
As we entered the building, the lights were dimly lit and the air conditioning was running with a faint humming sound coming from somewhere.
The room was not changed a bit when I woke up. For now, I put away all the phylloid parts that would be uncomfortable for Shiona and Tippy in one place.
I guessed that these phyroids were protecting us humans who were in a cold sleep.
"Yay, I can get back in!
Tippy ran out and sat down on the sofa that had been set up.
As soon as he sat down, he felt his strength slacken.
Apparently, I had been pushing him quite hard.
......It's kind of chilly in here.
It was originally designed for cold sleep.
It is a little colder than outside even though it is indoors.
I would like to think that the fact that the air conditioning worked means that there is still a function to raise the temperature inside the facility.
But I don't know where that is.
I'm hoping there's some sort of heating unit. ......
'Here's what we could do,' he said. Ray, come sit next to Tippy.
Like this?
Come closer!
Like this?
I asked her as I was almost in close contact with Tippy, and she looked satisfied.
She looked satisfied and said, "Yes, this will be fine!
She sat down on the other side of Tippy.
--She sat on the other side of the bed, just like me and Tippy.
Look, it's warmer this way, isn't it?
"Uh-huh. ...... I guess so."
It is indeed warm. Warm, but ...... warm.
How do you like it?　"How is it, Tippy? Still cold?"
"Mmm,......, it's warm."
Tippy squints at me and rubs his arm around me.
Is it warm?　I'm glad to hear that.
Yes, it's warm,...... very warm, Ray. It's as if ......
"As if, what's wrong?"
You're like a family in this way.
............
Tippy's mommy and daddy, they used to make Tippy snuggle like this.
"Yes. It's warm, just like that time.
"......, yes, it's warm."
"...... Hey, can you hold me again?　Can you squeeze Tippy again?"
I almost hugged her, but stopped myself when I felt Siona's sad gaze on me.
Tippy, I can't do that.
I was about to give her a hug when I felt Shiona's sad gaze on me and I stopped her hand.　Can't you just squeeze me?
Yes, I can. Because, Tippy, we are not a family.
We're not a family. ...... Tippi, are you all alone?
Yes. Yes, no matter how long we are together, we are alone. You can't change that.
If you only pick up the words, they are cold, as if he hates Tippy.
But now I understand.
But now I know that those words are filled with kindness.
The only emotion that remains in Tippi is her own.
--Sadness.
To fill Tippi's heart is to release her from her sadness. ......
In other words, it is tantamount to death.
Until now, I had held Tippy in my arms without thinking.
But that may have been too cruel a kindness.
No, it may not even have been kindness.
It was just an act of self-satisfaction that only shortened Tippy's life.
Siona had endured all this time.
To protect Tippy's feelings of sadness ...... above all, to protect Tippy.
In truth, she would have wanted to give him a hug.
She would have loved to stroke her head and speak kind words to her.
I would have loved to give her a smile that would have turned her heart orange.
I had to endure all these years without offering my hand to this blue girl.
So I thought I had to endure too.
That's what I thought, but I couldn't ...... stop my hand.
I just couldn't leave this sad looking girl in front of me alone.
I hugged Tippy and Siona, who was right in front of me.
The back of my eyes were burning.
I ask myself why I can't stop myself from doing this, even though I know it will shorten Tippi's life.
Isn't it just temporarily satisfying my own needs ......?
I am a ningen after all. ......
I am a selfish, self-interested, hurtful ningen.
I hugged them both so hard that it hurt.
I embraced the warmth of two people.
As if to fill a gap of two hundred years, we brought our warmth closer together.
The warmth of the three of us was so warm that even in the coldest of facilities, we could not feel the cold.
It was that warm.
A melody spontaneously spilled from Shiona's mouth.
That song that her brother had written.
That melody lights up the warmth in your heart.
Her gentle voice echoed through the factory.
Tippi, I love this song that Shiona sings.
Tippy buries her face in my chest.
I remember when my mom and dad were here, ...... and I can't stop crying.
The girl repeats her sadness.
Tippy has been repeating that sadness for 200 years.
I may not be able to wipe away the grief of those 200 years, but I can give you this momentary warmth.
But I can give her this momentary warmth.
I decided to hold them with the warmth of two hundred years in my arms for this fleeting warmth.
But that brief moment did not last long.
What's that ...... Tippy?"
I looked at Tippy who was sitting on the sofa.
There was Tippy, staring blankly ahead.
What's wrong?　Are you sick?
Tippy was sitting on the sofa, staring blankly ahead of him.　...... nn-......
He seemed to be in low spirits.
Is it because he has been released from tension, or is it because he has walked for a long time?
Either way, he needs rest.
Tippy looks tired, too, and it's time for him to take a break today.
......Uh-huh."
The reply came one tempo later. He seemed to be thinking about something.
Ray, Tippy, you know, you may be running low on energy. Maybe that's why you're distracted.
I see. ...... Then we'll have to replenish the electricity. --I wonder how they do that.
It's contactless charging. The charging facilities must be the same, so first we have to find a connector and store the electricity in the stuffed bear.
I understand. When I find something that looks like it, I'll ask you to check it out.
I'll do it.
Leaving Tippy on the sofa, he checked the equipment.
There are many cold sleep devices lined up in a row. I look for the ones that are still leaking cold air.
He then opened the maintenance lid at its base and examined several cables connected to the switchboard.
Soon, he found what looked like an energizing connector connected to a thicker cable.
'Yes, this type will work fine. Tippy-chan, borrow my stuffed animal."
Siona borrowed a stuffed bear from Tippy and opened the zipper on the back to reveal the connection terminal.
When she inserted the charging connector into it, the bear's eyes flashed twice.
Shiona let out a sigh of relief, knowing that this was the signal to start charging.
Tippy squeezes the bear's hand. The light in his eyes seemed to grow stronger, as if the power was being transmitted to him.
Shiona, let's eat, too.
I show him the oral block I found when I was looking for a cable to charge my batteries.
It's the same one we found when we left the facility.
It doesn't taste as good as Siona's soup, but I think it's more nutritious.
No, I'm just glad I was hungry. Just the fact that I can eat makes my heart flutter.
I put a portable plate on the table and put the oral blocks on top of it.
I thought this would make it look a little more like a meal.
In times like this, I want to cherish the ordinary, even the trivial.
I wanted to do something a little like what I had done at Shiona's house in that town.
It looks delicious.
As if she understood my wish, Shiona smiled at me.
The two of us clasped hands in front of the meal.
Tippy, who had been watching us, came over to us.
He put a stuffed bear in front of us and clasped his hands together as we did.
I'm with you all.
Tippy-chan ......?
Tippy, you're a great treat. You look gorgeous.
Tippy beamed with embarrassment.
It was a comforting time in the midst of all the hardship of the past few days.
I am sure that in the distant past, we Ningen must have lived a life like this with our phylloids, our partners.
No, it's a life that we can get back even now.
I lost my emotions, and as the girls taught me, I should be able to ...... regain the time I had forgotten.
I was thinking about that as I was putting the remaining oral block on my plate into my mouth.
Then I thought to myself, "What the hell is this?
Warning. The main battery has a wear rate of over 90%. Please replace and service the battery immediately.
Tippy suddenly said in a clerical tone.
'I'll send an online replacement request to the service center--the service center is offline. We'll try again. --Service center is offline. Retry. --Service center is offline. Will retry. ......"
"Siona, what's going on?
I don't know what's going on, but Tippy's battery is not recharging.
It's not charging. ......
Is it the wrong voltage?　No, that shouldn't be a problem, since the battery is connected to a stuffed bear.
So is there a problem with the battery itself?
If so, is it possible that it is ...... deteriorating over time? Think about it, the battery has been in operation for over 200 years.
It would not be surprising if the battery is worn out.
Maybe it needs a new battery. ......
A brand-new battery is not something you can just ...... and in Tippy's generation, you had to have a professional technician take it apart once to replace it. ......!
No way......."
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a few minutes to do a little research on your own.
In other words, is Tippy going to be inactive - or even dead?
"Oh no, we've come all this way,......!
It's okay,......, we knew it was coming.
The only thing we can do is stare at Tippy's voice, which has returned to its usual tone, as if we had been struck by lightning.
I'm not sure if you knew this was going to happen, Tippy," he said.
I knew this would happen from the moment we left the ...... library. The first time I went to the library, I was surprised to find that the battery charge rate had dropped for the past sixty-four or twenty-seven days.
Tippy answered, smiling weakly.
Tippy had to do what Tippy could do. ...... Ray, can you bring me that metal bag that Tippy was carrying?
Okay!"
The slim but somewhat rugged metal bag that Tippi had been carrying since she left the library. He carried the bag, which was heavier than expected, and brought it in front of Tippi.
Tippy placed one hand carelessly on the middle of the bag. Just like that, the two locks on the side of the handle were unlocked automatically.
--Inside the bag was a black board. It was about the size of a large book. However, it was much thinner than that, about half the size of a short picture book.
Tippi carefully took it out with both hands and slowly turned toward me.
Ray," Tippi said. Put your palms here. The one that's not a machine.
Like this?
I did as Tippy told me and placed my non-prosthetic hand on the black board. Then, a man's voice came out of the black board.
From the black board, a man's voice sounded fluent.
The current administrator, Vortex MSK-3737, model name "Dorothy," individual name. Tippy' approved to continue the work. Continue with the registration process.
'Confirmed. Applicant for registration, please state the name identifying the individual.
Uh, ...... Ray.
Roger. We have registered 《Ray》 as a new administrator. Please receive a verbal explanation from the current administrator on how to use the system. That is all.
After saying that much, the black board fell silent.
Tippy, that was .......
All the books in the library, digitized. It is the backup data of Tippy's memory.
Tippy answered in a tone of voice that sounded a little tired, yet accomplished.
I remember the handwritten books lined up in the library.
Tippi had memorized every single word in those books without making any mistakes.
Was Tippi writing those books, after all?
Even if one day I stopped, ...... no, I predicted that I would stop, so that I could leave behind a record of prehistoric civilization in the form of a book.
That place was not a library. Tippie was the library itself.
When you use it, put your hand in the middle of the board, just as you did before, and the tablet - the board - will light up. Then the tablet--the board will light up. Then you can use the administrator's voice recognition to call up all the data. ......
Okay, then..."
Tippy told me to activate the board, which he called a tablet. I did as I was told and placed my palm on it.
'Biometrics confirmed, authenticate admin ray. Which data do you wish to load?'
'Manual, please!　How to fix a phylloid... er, how to replace the battery!'
'Start searching ...... There are 3,095 items of information on how to repair a phylloid and 124,751 different types of information. We recommend you narrow your search."
'From that list, I'd like to find the Vortex MSK-3737 model "Dorothy".'
'Start searching ......, your search has matched the criteria.'
The surface of the tablet glows brightly. The surface of the tablet glowed brightly and text appeared.
'Repair by the user is almost impossible. Please remain at rest until personnel from the service center arrive.
The world went dark.
"How's it working?"
"Yeah, it's working. ...... but .......
That tablet will only ...... run for about fifteen more ...... years.
That's more than enough time for me, but I guess it's not that long for a Philoid, or a library management system.
Are you sure you don't want me to use it?
I'd rather use it. From now on, ...... Tippy will be of no use to you.
No, it's not!　I've been getting a lot of help from Tippy all my life!
The first time he fixed Siona's music box, the second time he fixed Mr. Mudd's projector. I've been working with Tippi for a while now, and she's been a great help to me.
I'm glad to hear Ray say that--from now on, use this ......."
Tippie, who had been sitting on the sofa, slowly rolled over.
'Tippy!
Tippy-chan!"
I've been waiting for 200 years.
I can't let it end here.
Tippy's little mouth was moving up and down.
It seems like she is saying something, but her voice is too small for my ears to hear.
I put my ear close to her mouth.
Hey, Ray ...... Tippy, it was fun.
Tippy's hand is on top of mine.
I was so happy to see him.
Ray is my father and Shiona is my mother. ...... They are both kind and my favorite family.
No matter how coldly I dismissed her, no matter how much I pushed her away, I could never hide my true feelings.
Tippy was aware of this.
I was so happy to see her.
From the moment we got involved, we knew that Tippi was going to end up like this.
And that there was nothing I could do about it.
The only way for Tippi to survive was to stay alone for a long time.
But that was impossible, of course.
Tippy has feelings.
We are not perfect enough to overlook our sadness.
No, it's not called perfection.
We are allowed to have feelings because we can feel sadness.
Slowly.
Tippy's eyes close like a handkerchief sinking into the water.
We can't even save them, even though they are the phyroids we created.
We can only create them, and then we can't do anything about them.
Ningen are selfish creatures, aren't they?
Hey, Shiona. ......
Tippy's eyelids slowly opened again. The light has already gone out of his eyes. Perhaps he could no longer see.
I'm here ......, Tippy, I'm here ......."
The voice of Siona was slightly trembling.
I'm glad ...... you're here, Shiona.
I'm glad you're here, Tippy.
The actuality of this is that it is a very good thing. 
The first thing you need to know is that Tippy has been in operation for more than 200 years,......, but it was originally designed to last 150 years. The most important thing to remember is that the best way to get the most out of your new product is to make sure that it is the right product for your needs. It was meant to be. ......"
When Tippy left the library and came to the church, Siona apologized to Tippy, and Tippy forgave her.
That's what she meant .......
'So, please. Siona, don't cry,...... sing a song,...... sing a song,......"
'Yeah...... yeah--!
'Tippy...... love Siona's song.......'
Siona began to sing a song. She sometimes croaks and goes out of tune. But still, Shiona kept singing. The melody of the song.
There ...... is a ......."
Tippy laughed - and then stopped moving.
Her hands trembled.
Not only that, my whole body was shaking.
My whole body was shaking.
Now, on my lap, another little life had ended.
To some people, it may not even be a life.
But for me, it was an irreplaceable life.
Siona continues to sing quietly.
She is no longer out of tune. It should have been the same as usual, but the song had a clear and transparent sound.
It was a melody dedicated to Tippy.
A hot sensation runs down my cheeks.
It ran down my chin and fell on Tippy's cheek.
Tippie was not crying, but it looked as if she was.
I held her close to me.
Her little body never moved again.
Her mouth would never speak again.
His hands will never draw again.
That is "death.
Warmth spreads over my head.
Siona is hugging me.
Instantly, my eyes become hot.
This is a feeling that spills over. It is an unbearable pain, an uncontrollable sadness, a ...... tremendous sadness.
I shed "tears" for the first time in my life.
Tears for Tippy.
After that, our lives changed drastically.
Tippy entrusted me with an electronic reading device that contained all of the library's books.
With this device, which used to be called a tablet, my amount of knowledge increased dramatically.
I learned how to make crops, how to build a house out of stone and mud, how to predict the weather, and many animals and plants that I can no longer see.
And a database of newspapers spanning the past 350 years, until the library ceased to function.
I'm sure I can find out a lot about myself if I do a search.
Are you studying today, Ray?
Yes, I am. There are so many things I need to remember.
What are you reading today?
Survival--how to survive in any environment.
The cold sleep facility did not have much power. If that is the case, we must be able to survive to some extent with only minute amounts of power.
The problem of securing drinking water, which was the weakest point of this facility, is being improved a lot.
Yes, we cannot simply rely on our physical strength and arm strength to advance from here on.
What we need from now on is knowledge. With knowledge, we can face a multitude of opponents alone, or avoid them without facing them in the first place - or even win.
It may even be possible to save the people of the town.
I devoured the "power" that Tippy had left me.
While I read, Shiona sang beside Tippy, who had stopped moving.
In her luggage, which she had taken out of town, was her brother's music box.
Sometimes, instead of singing, she would turn the handle and play the gentle melody of the music box.
It was a very peaceful and restful time.
With my current "knowledge," it would be possible for me to live with Siona here forever.
That's why I didn't notice .......
I didn't ...... realize that there was something wrong with Shiona's body.
'Ray, your meal is ready.'
As usual, Shiona prepares her meal with a smile.
They dissolved the oral block in water and made it like a soup.
It looked a lot like the orangey, puffy soup that Siona always made for me in town.
Thank you, this soup makes me feel better.
I'm glad to hear you say so. It makes my heart orange.
But, the amount of soup in the bowl is not enough for you.
The amount of soup in the bowl is not even half as much as mine.
I'm a phylloid, so this amount of soup is enough for me when I'm in save mode.
Is that so?
I'm a phylloid, so this amount of soup is plenty for me. That's why you have to eat well, Ray. I'm a phylloid, so this amount should be enough for me to get through the day.
Oh ...... why didn't I notice this?
By this time,...... her filoidal function had already diminished,.......
I was only operating on half the amount of energy I had, and only to a sufficient degree.
As usual, I read books and Siona sang songs for me.
I traced the surface of the tablet with my fingertips and wondered if there was any way I could free the people of the town.
Suddenly, the rhythm of the song that was playing so comfortably stopped.
I looked up to see if something had happened, and found Shiona frozen in place, clutching her mouth.
The music box in her hand had also stopped.
She looked at me and said, "Siona, ......?　What's wrong?"
She said, "Well,......, no, it's nothing. Just a little song ......."
She says, soooo ...... and takes a breath.
Then she starts singing again...
"......, what was the pitch?　What kind of pitch was that ......?"
"Sio ...... na ......?"
She sings, "Haha...... it's funny, I loved that song so much, but wait a minute, I'll remember it soon......."
Siona closed her eyes and tried several times to sing from the place where she had broken off.
But the music that flowed from her mouth was nothing like anything I had ever heard before.
"What's wrong ...... with me, I can't remember my brother's song ......"
Ciona!　There's nothing wrong with my body!
I was an idiot. The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that the first time you see a person, you know that they are not a good person.
Siona was kind to me, cherished me, and I was satisfied with that, spoiled ...... and didn't think about her.
I was leaving town when I was caught in an explosion that caused me to lose the artificial skin on my arm.
'Ciona!　You were actually seriously injured in that explosion!"
Siona thought for a moment, then shook her head.
I was fine, yes.
Siona - phylloids don't lie.
But they do hide their words, thinking of the ningen.
Since she said she was fine, there must have been no damage from the explosion.
As she said──"That was.
...... Siona. Can you show me your malfunction?"
"...... yes."
At my urging, Shiona hesitated for a moment and then nodded.
Suddenly, I tried to turn away in embarrassment, but what was there did not let my gaze leave.
Siona's white, firm breasts.
There was a small hole there.
It was ......."
Forgetting that it was a woman's body, I moved closer to the wound.
This is a gunshot wound.
I immediately think back to the time when I was in Mud's store and he was protecting me from the ningen.
"I was hit .......
I thought you were okay, but I guess I wasn't."
The actuality of the fact that the particulars of the particulars are not really as well known as they seem, it's actually a lot more difficult to determine the actuality of the actuality of the actuality of the particulars.
I know it's a smile to keep me from feeling guilty.
She thinks about me even at a time like this.
......, search!　MODA-117 Alice m k-17 maintenance manual!"
The tablet glows faintly in response to my voice.
But Shiona covered the screen with her hand. Then she slowly shook her head.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea or not.
It's my body. I know it best.
'But ...... there might be a way!　If you'd told me sooner, ......"
─ ─ No, there was a reason I didn't tell you.
Siona knew that she had a fatal injury that would never be repaired.
It's a reality that won't change, no matter how hard I try.
It's a horrible thing to even put into words.
The word "death" was floating around in my head.
No matter how much I don't want to think about it, it pops into my head on its own.
I know. I'm going to die soon. I'm a filoid, so should I say 'break'?"
No, Siona.
You're not going to break.
You're dying.
I'm a little out of it. I can't get any strength into my body. ......
She fell to the floor, her shoulders slumping.
Ciona!"
The actual "I'm not a fan of the way you do it," he said, "but I'm not a fan of the way you do it either.
I was so excited to see her.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just go out and buy a new one.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just go out and buy a new one.
"Don't worry,...... Siona is Siona..."
"Haha,...... you know, now,...... I'm a little bit scared,......."
'Siona ...... Siona .........'
I'm not crying, Ray. I'm not going to let you get away with that.
I'm not sure what to do with the money, but I'm sure I'll be able to find a way.
The first time I saw her, she was crying.
I don't want Rey to turn blue. ...... I want him to always be orange and pawpaw. ......
Sad.
A tremendous sadness welled up in me.
It multiplies endlessly in my mind and does not know how to stop.
As time goes by, the sadness becomes more intense.
Why am I sad?
The answer to such a question comes quickly.
Because he was important to me.
They were important to me.
If a phylloid with the same appearance appeared in front of me, it would be meaningless.
It doesn't matter if they look different.
It doesn't matter if they look different, as long as they are you on the inside.
I thought you were family. I know you look like my brother, but that's not all. I thought you were important.
Family.
Family is the existence of people who believe in each other and help each other without any benefit, but without compensation.
It is "love.
It is an emotion that I have always wanted.
I had been aware of that feeling for some time.
It has always been given to me .......
It's a feeling that is so natural in life and in walking with someone.
"What's wrong, Ray,...... don't look so sad,....... Yes, let's sing a song, and we'll go back to the square and ...... everyone will be happy."
"......Siona,......?"
'What I promised everyone. Ray brought smiles to everyone's faces, he made them happy."
That's what I remember when I was happy. It is a memory of happy days in town.
Perhaps it is a clouding of the memory area.
But .......
I'm sure ...... would love to hear you sing. We're all looking forward to it."
I turned the handle of the music box on the floor.
The melody began to play quietly.
Siona's cheeks relaxed, she closed her eyes and began to sing.
I close my eyes and listen to the music and think back.
It has not been a long time, but I remember the scene of that town where I spent my life.
People who were walking along the street stop and turn around.
One by one, they gather in the square.
Children, the elderly, someone's mother, her husband, and the people of the town all smile.
They were intoxicated by the melody Siona sang.
Surely that scene was commonplace in the distant past.
Regardless of whether you were a ningen or a phylloid, you spent your time smiling and cuddling with each other.
It's something we've forgotten ...... and lost .......
"Hey, Ray,......, keep smiling, keep smiling.
"...... yeah.
'It's okay to be sad, it's okay to be angry,....... But ......, smile afterwards."
If love has a shape, it must be round. Because love will never hurt anyone.
I laugh, fighting back tears.
If love has a temperature, it must be warm. Because love is a warmer form of love.
Yes,......, I'm sure it does."
Because love is there to protect, Ray won't be sad. Because love protects and doesn't hurt him. I promise you. No matter what happens from now on, our love will protect him.
I was shedding so many tears that I was feeling pain in my eyes.
My vision was distorted.
But I could clearly see Siona's smile.
So don't cry. Love will always be with you. Love is eternal. You don't have to cry. Because it is eternal.
I put my own hand on top of Siona's, which was on my cheek.
It was warm, but there was little strength left in it.
It was as if something was spilling from the space between my hands.
I knew what was leaking, but I didn't want to admit it.
But I didn't want to admit it.
I held on to her hand tightly and hoped it wouldn't spill out.
I hear a song.
It was the warm melody that Siona always sang to me.
It was entering the crevice of my heart, which was beginning to diminish, and filling it with warmth.
I'm sorry I made you feel alone again.
I'm sorry I made you feel alone again.　I'm not. No, I'm not!
I wanted to scratch my head.
Now I finally realized.
Siona wasn't afraid of breaking down. She was afraid that I would be alone again.
I got a lot of ...... from Siona. ......!
Ray?
I hold Shiona's mechanical hand in my ningen hand.
Yes, until I met Siona, I was neither a ningen nor a phylloid.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a new name, but I'm sure it's a good idea to have a new name.
I am not alone anymore. The joy, the sadness, the anger, ...... all came from you. I will never forget it."
Oh ...... no, I had to laugh here.
I need to reassure Siona, but my emotions won't allow me to do so. ......
No matter how hard I try, I can't help but burst into tears of sadness.
I'm not going to let my emotions get the better of me. I'll be fine. I'm sure I'll be fine.
I see,......, I'm glad to hear that.
Satisfied, Siona nodded.
That ......."
 The actual "I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm not sure what you're talking about.
I'm sure that's not it. ......
The first thing to do is to make sure that you have a good understanding of what is going on in your life.
Now that I am a ningen, I know what those tears mean.
She seemed to notice immediately and smiled back at me.
Tears ...... also flow when you are happy, don't they?
The strength slowly drained from Shiona's body.
I'm not sure if I'm smiling or not.　I am.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't be too careful when it comes to your smile.
I'll see you soon.
I'll see you later.
I'm not sure I'll be able to do that.
The first thing to do is to make sure that you have the right tools and the right people to help you.
The moment that she closed her eyes, she probably had the most beautiful face I have ever seen.
After that, she never opened her eyes again.
Her calm face looked like she was smiling.
It was as if she was praying for my happiness.
But there is no happiness in the world without Shiona.
My life from now on will be a life of hell itself.
Will I be able to endure it?
......No, I have to endure it.
My chest tightens to the point of bitterness.
All the emotions are creaking through my body.
I'm not sure if my heart is this fragile and weak.
Losing someone you love is so painful and painful.
"Aaahhhh ......!!!"
My vision went blank, and I sobbed aloud as if to destroy the world.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa...!"
Siona said.
It is true that Siona's love may be eternal.
But I couldn't stand it.
I know, this is emotion.
This is what Siona gave me.
This pain, this sorrow.
But that's not all.
The warmth that barely remains in my heart, and the memories of everyone I can proudly say I had fun with.
All of that was given to me by Shiona.
Both of them belong to me now.
I will never let go of either of them.
I wonder how much time has passed.
How much time does a ningen need to get their feelings in order?
I kept thinking back over and over again to the time when I met ...... Siona.
The meals we ate together.
The morning we woke up and said hello to each other.
The shopping we did together.
We went to an abandoned factory and worried about them.
When the music box was fixed, she was so happy.
We sang a song in the town square and were filled with smiles.
I made a promise to .......
I knew warmth.
I knew joy.
I have felt anger.
I have cried tears of sadness.
And I received ...... love.
─ ─ No. ...... everything was love.
This tragedy is the result of the stupidity of us ningen who have lost that love.
Ningen are helplessly selfish.
We keep doing the same thing over and over again. ......
Still, we will need someone.
This is instinct. When I woke up here, I wanted to meet Ningen.
It's an instinct for love, for wanting to walk alongside someone.
I can't even realize such a simple thing .......
I look at the cold sleep device in front of me.
There were still a few of them left, and they were still functioning properly, with Shiona and Tippy sleeping in each of them.
Although they were originally designed for ningen, this would help to keep them from deteriorating over time a little.
I wanted to keep them as much as possible.
They looked as if they were sleeping, and I murmured to them.
Siona, Tippy ......, I'm going.
There was no reply.
There was no way there would be a reply.
But I continued.
I'm going on a journey now. It's not an aimless journey, so don't worry. I'm going to find a world where ningen and phyroid can coexist.
This was also the wish of the young ningen who had been eliminated.
If there was a world where ningen and phylloids could coexist, this kind of sadness would not occur.
If there were a world where ningen and phylloids could coexist, there would be no greater joy.
That's why I'm going to look for it.
And if there is no such a world--"
He gripped his iron fist as if covering it with his palm.
No, there will always be a world. The world you tried to leave for us Ningen will be there.
It will be extremely difficult to find it.
But I have the knowledge that Tippy gave me.
And we have the feelings that Siona gave us.
In this world, we have partners who will continue to share their "love.
So, my journey from now on will not be a journey of despair.
I'm going to borrow this. I'll come back one day to return it.
In my hand is a music box belonging to Shiona's brother.
I turn the handle in front of the sleeping Siona and let the melody of peace that is stuck in it resonate.
I thought I heard her singing along with that melody.
'Well then, off I go.
A world where ningen and phylloids can hold hands.
I took that first step.
"Even so, I remained hopeful and continued to reach both arms toward the light."
"Are you awake?"
"...... here, is ......?"
You have just awakened from a long sleep, do you know your name?"
My name is .......
"MODA-117 Alice, made by Assou International. It is a mk-17. No individual name has been set.
I guess the settings have been initialized after all. I guess I'll just have to keep Alice for a while."
The man in front of me held out an old-fashioned wooden box in front of me.
'Is this ......?'
The man in front of me held out an old wooden box, "This is the one that was put together with the device you were sleeping in.
I accepted the box. It felt very nostalgic.
I opened the lid and found a dull golden disk. Turning the handle coming out of the side of the box, a clear tone begins to play.
A very beautiful melody flows as the metal comb is gently played.
It's a tune that has been played for a long time.
A melody that is not in my record.
It should be, but it makes me feel very nostalgic, warm, and warm inside my chest.
And at the same time .......
Hot stuff spills out of my eyes.
'We've identified a runaway emotional function. You may need maintenance.
No, that's not necessary. You can keep that emotion. Only the ...... knowledge was left to pass on, but it has taken me a long time to regain the skills to put it to use, I'm sorry."
The man speaks softly to me.
I feel a nostalgic look on his face.
It is not in the record - ...... my memory .......
He says, "For now. Let's go home after we've done all the maintenance.
Where to?
To the city.
It was dazzling outside the facility.
The sky was blue and high. White clouds slowly drifted by in various shapes.
The warm air filled the man-made heart and lungs. A gentle breeze gently caressed my hair.
It was a natural scene.
For some reason, I feel nostalgic for such a natural world.
And ...... why do I feel so sad?
I get in the car and drive down the paved road.
The scenery seen from the window is all beautiful.
It was lush and green.
Tiny fish jumped on the surface of a beautiful stream.
In the sky, birds were chirping and flying peacefully.
"Well, here we are.
We passed through the gate and arrived at a town surrounded by white walls.
The town was filled with people.
Ningen and philoids were living their normal lives, hand in hand.
The sight of these people made my eyes burn again.
I'm sorry, but there is still a possibility of an emotional outburst. The rhythm pattern in his chest is not normal.
It's okay. It's okay. I'm sure it's the right thing to do.
Is that so?　If so, am I defective?
No, you are normal. You are closer to a ningen than any phylloid.
As a phylloid, I was very happy to hear that.
But I don't know why he said that.
I look around at the town, which makes me feel nostalgic.
In a corner of the square, a ningen child and a child-shaped phylloid are playing happily.
There is a photo shop. The owner of the filoid store is smiling as he takes pictures of Ningen's family.
In a general store far away, Ningen is shopping, and the filoid shopkeeper responds in a brusque manner.
'Sensei, welcome back.
A very pretty girl filoid rushes toward me.
'Hey, I'm back. Have you been a good girl, Dorothy?
Yes!　I did a lot of drawing while you were gone. See?
The little girl, with a big smile on her face, showed me the picture she had probably drawn.
The people of the town were laughing in a circle.
The crayon drawing was so warm that just looking at it made my heart warm and fuzzy.
It was a picture that made everyone who saw it feel happy.
What is it?　You are ......."
A girl looked up at me.
Nice to meet you. I'm Alice, nice to meet you.
She says, "Ali ......s?　Hello Alice. I'm Dorothy because Dorothy is not on the National Register of Historic Places.
Yes, I'm the same.
Unregistered filoids. What am I supposed to do if I don't have a primary partner?
I was so worried that the man next to me tapped me on the shoulder.
What would you like to do?"
'...... what can I ...... do?'
Alice, can you sing a song?
I can sing you a song. Like this."
Dorothy closes her eyes and begins to sing.
Dorothy closed her eyes and began to sing.
It's a song that has been sung for a long, long time. There is no one in the world who doesn't know it.
The man pulls out a music box from his car.
He opened the lid and turned the handle protruding from the side of the box.
A clear note is played and a gentle melody begins to flow.
As if drawn by the melody, the people of the town gather around.
Everyone listens to the tone and their faces become peaceful.
I know this scene.
The memory area that should have been blank - a small memory that lives in a deeper part of the memory area - taps gently on my chest.
My mouth naturally moved.
The song, which should have been sung for the first time, was familiar in my throat, on my lips, and in my ...... heart.
The melody of the music box filling the square was very nostalgic.
Wow, it's so beautiful. Very good.
Yes, this song is ...... very important to me.