──The air has moved.
The pale light that had wrapped me up until then goes away.
Eventually I saw a dingy ceiling.
The right arm extending towards that location was a little different from the left arm, which was also extended.
My right arm is made of mechanical parts with bare wrists.
His fingers move smoothly, but each time there is a small rubbing metallic sound.
Then, I slowly raised my upper body.
It turns out that the pale light that was visible in the field of view is an oval lid with a gentle curve.
Apparently I was sleeping in something like this capsule.
Where is this?
Who am I?
Why am I here?
I can't find the answer by asking myself.
Even if I try to go back to my memory, I only have the memory of pale light.
I decided to get out of the capsule and parade through the room in search of clues to my memory.
Even though he knows the act of walking, the act itself has been a long time, and his feet are uncertain.
He walks slowly, being careful not to fall.
The drifting air was lukewarm, and every time I took the air into my lungs, dust clung to his throat.
Outside light is shining through the holes in the ceiling, and along the lines, dust in the air is exposed.
Perhaps this building hasn't been filled for a long time.
Thin dust is spreading under my feet.
What is this place to do?
The large room was dotted with countless oval capsules.
Most of them are open.
The contents are empty.
There was something that was closed occasionally, but nothing was inside.
Apparently I'm the only one in this room.
--No, not exactly.
Some people are leaning against an oval object or rolling on the floor.
But not.
That is not exactly a person.
It would be more correct to say that it is a humanoid object.
The humanoid object was looking into mechanical parts under the skin.
Above his neck are mechanical parts.
The arm of the machine is exposed.
The lower half of the body is torn off and the mechanical part is visible.
So I remembered what the humanoid object was.
A human partner made for humans.
Not only the five senses, but also emotions, it is the closest to Ningen.
I reach for Philoid, who is inactive.
The bare hand, which was not covered with skin, was very similar to my right hand.
This is a factory.
I was made here.
...... The facility may have been abandoned for some reason just before it was completed.
Gaze at the machine's right hand before it is covered with artificial skin and conclude that it is most likely.
Understanding his own existence, I started walking toward the wall.
There is an old automatic door, and the LCD panel labeled "CLOSE" is covered with dust right next to it.
He touched it with the hand of a machine.
As soon as I felt something cold like electricity on my fingertips without blood, "OPEN" was displayed and the door opened.
Can you get out of here?
Is anyone left in this facility?
I wanted to meet.
He wanted to meet Ningen.
Let's go find my partner.
I pushed open the door leading to the outside.
To prove your own existence.
When he returned home, he was the first to go to the living room.
There is a broken music box there.
He unravels the books borrowed from the library and learns their structure.
As I expected, the gear inside was on.
Therefore, no matter how much you turn the handle, the disc will not turn and no sound will flow.
…… But what about this gear?
Is it possible to make it according to the size described in the book? No, it's impossible.
Go through the pages of the book without getting an answer.
At the end of the book, there was a list of products by manufacturer and a list of parts used.
As I looked through it, my eyes caught me in a certain place.
What I found out was that the manufacturer of this music box was making watches.
If so, the precision parts may be the same as the watch.
Suddenly, I remember what I broke at Mad's store.
That watch ... if it's useless and thrown away ...
You may be able to fix the music box by using parts such as gears in the clock.
"Ray, what are you doing?"
As soon as the possibility of repair is seen, Shiona enters the living room.
"Shiona, listen. The clock parts in Mad's store may fix the music box."
"Is that so? Really?"
Shiona had a more joyful smile than usual.
From that expression, you can know the joy of Shiona.
"But don't overdo it. You can sing without a music box."
Shiona picked up the music box and started singing.
That song that was sung in the chapel.
Somehow nostalgic, that song.
That song that warms the back of my heart.
Shiona looks at the music box with love, and her determination becomes stronger.
I want to fix this music box.
And I want Shiona to be happy.
That thought swells in me.
"Tomorrow, I'll go to Mad's shop again."
Let's ask if you can give us your watch.
But there was one thing I was worried about.
It means that I broke the watch.
I apologize, but it's still hard to go somewhere.
It's also scary to think that Mad will yell at me.
"I want to make various people smile with this song from my brother."
Shiona's words arrived at me who hesitated.
"This song is orange ... I'm sure you can make the hearts of various people orange. It's a song that was made with the hope that it would happen. That's my brother's wish. That's why I, I want a lot of people to listen to this song, and I want a lot of people to smile. That's my wish. "
Shiona said like a soliloquy.
That word will help me.
Let's go to Mad's shop again tomorrow.
And let's apologize again for breaking the watch.
I was determined by Shiona's singing voice and music box.
The next day, I visited Mad's shop alone.
I can't count how many times I wanted to turn back on the way.
Every time I thought about it, it was Shiona's smile.
She wants to see that smile all the time.
I want to fix the music box for that.
I remembered yesterday's determination many times.
What I can do for Shiona.
I never decided to set foot in Mad's shop.
"Which side did you come down to?"
Immediately after, the voice of Mr. Mad, who was as low as a distant thunder, poured down.
He wanted to run away soon, but I didn't.
"I want to apologize more for yesterday."
"Is it a watch? You must have apologized for that."
"Since Shiona was there at that time ... I thought I'd apologize by myself."
"I don't want that. Go home."
"That's not the case. I'm really sorry I broke my watch yesterday."
"No matter how much I apologize, the clock is still broken, go home."
"I'm sorry. I'm really sorry."
With his head down, I continued to apologize.
How long has it passed?
Eventually, Mad's slightly soft voice arrives.
"... Face, raise"
As I was told, there was Mad's face that seemed to be amazed.
"That's ... what a bastard. It's persistent, isn't it?"
"sorry……"
"Don't apologize anymore.
I say so, but it doesn't seem to be as angry as yesterday.
I felt like I heard a small sighing sound.
"You're done with it? Go home."
"That ... only one request"
"Are you asking? I have a good courage to ask me."
The feeling of intimidation shrugs, but Shiona's words push his back.
"That watch ... can you give it to me?"
"... Say it again."
"That ... yesterday's watch, give it to me--"
"Don't be silly ah ah ah ah !!"
The shock as if a thunder struck directly made me stand upright and solidified.
"Destroy it yourself and give it away? Don't get in the way!"
I can not continue…….
No more ...
When I tried to escape, I heard a voice from my back.
"Wait, Mad. Ray just wants to fix my brother's music box."
There was Shiona, who was supposed to be waiting at home.
Shiona does not hesitate to Mr. Mad and comes in between her and me.
"My brother's music box is broken and Ray will fix it for me. I just want parts for that. I really regret having broken my watch yesterday. So can you forgive me? "
Shiona kept smiling and told Mad.
"Hmm ... mmm ..."
Mad, who had his face bright red, gradually softened his expression.
"But I don't have that watch anymore. I've thrown away that kind of thing. But ..."
Mad turned his back to us, but kept moving his mouth.
"Abandoned factory on the outskirts of town, thrown away there. I don't know after that."
That said, Mad sat down facing the wall.
"Thank you, Mad."
Shiona left the store with a constant bow to her smile.
"Oh, thank you……"
I also bow out and leave the store.
"The abandoned factory is very close to where Ray was lying down."
As soon as I left the store, Shiona told me.
"Ah, is Shiona going to throw away the trash?"
"Yeah. Garbage is gathering from various places over there."
"Maybe you fix what you picked up from there and sell it here?"
"Yeah. Mad often goes to that place."
Well, that's why there were a lot of old things in the store.
Perhaps they brought something that could be used from that place and reused it.
Anyway, I decided to go to the abandoned factory.
"Shiona, I'd like you to take me to that place if you like."
"I'm sorry, red children are coming home today."
It's probably those kids who were talking to Shiona yesterday.
By the way, she had promised to feast on the soup.
"But Ray, you can't be alone. I'll decline your promise to the children."
"Yeah, that's okay, Shiona. Keep your promise."
"But how do you get there?"
"I'll go to the library. I want to know about this area and look at the map."
"library……"
Shiona's expression looks a little cloudy.
"Eh ... yeah, nothing .... Hey Rei. Is Tippy attached to Rei?"
"Why? I don't think you dislike it, but why?"
"Yeah, nothing. The library will surely have a map. Welcome."
"Yeah, I'll do that. See you later."
I turn her heels back and try to go to the library.
Shiona's smile that I saw at that time seemed to be sad.
But I don't know the reason.
"Rei, you came"
Tippy was in the same place as yesterday and shed tears in the same way.
"Yeah, I'm here. Hey Tippy, can I ask you one?"
"Is there a map of the town in this library?"
"Yeah, there are many."
"That was good. Can you guide me to the location on the map?"
"It's okay ... but ..."
Tippy is somehow crisp.
"Yeah, it's not ... it's not, but ..."
"Don't you do it?"
Tippy turned his face a little red.
Her sad expression remains the same, but she seems to have a slight softening of her cheeks.
"... Is that the one you did yesterday?"
"Yeah ... no?"
"It's not bad. Come on, come on."
"Yes Yes……"
When I opened my hand, Tippy stood up and jumped into his chest with some hesitation.
Unlike her yesterday, she is in the shape of holding her.
However, the thought is the same.
The hugged Tippy was still small, soft and almost broken.
"Tipy, is this okay?"
"Yeah, good. Ray ... warm."
Tippy squeezes my chest.
The gesture warmed the back of my chest.
Maybe this is the feeling of being dear?
I want to protect this girl.
I want to stop her tears.
For a while I was hugging Tippy.
"Hey, stay over there like this."
Tippy turned her fingertips into the aisle in my chest.
Holding her up, I head in the direction indicated by his fingertips.
"Why is there a chizu?"
"It seems that there is an abandoned factory near the town. I want to go there."
"Why are you here?"
"There may be the part you're looking for."
"I was watching yesterday, are you going?"
"Yeah, that's right. I really want to fix Shiona's brother's music box."
"Shiona's ... yes. I hope you find it."
While Tippy was hugged by me, she took me to the bookshelf containing her map books without hesitation.
"Maybe you remember which book is where?"
"Yeah, about"
"Wow ... did anyone tell me?"
"Yeah. Alone while I'm waiting for my dad and mom."
When she said the words dad and mom, Tippy was a little tearful.
"Um ... this is it."
To change the story, I took out a map book.
He sat there and opened the book.
Like the music box book, the map was also handwritten.
Maybe all the books in this library are handwritten?
If so, it's a considerable amount.
Who on earth handwritten this amount of books?
The work, which takes an endless amount of time, can be daunting.
"It's pretty tattered ... how old is this book?"
"Um ... I don't know. It's been a long time ago."
It seemed like a map decades ago.
The building itself is the same as the current townscape ...
A page that has faded badly like spilled tea.
Some of them stuck together and were likely to tear when rolled up.
Carefully advance the page.
"Oh, maybe this?"
To the north of the town, I found a map symbol for the factory.
Probably this place, even from the direction of Shiona's house.
"Rei ... are you going? Don't go ..."
Tippy clings to my neck.
I stroked that little back with his hand many times.
"It's okay, I'll come again"
"Really? Will you really come again?"
"Yeah, of course. I promise."
"Is it at all? Please come again at all."
"Yeah. Absolutely absolute."
Over and over again, I make an appointment with Tippy.
Why.
Still, he was reluctant to leave.
The desire to stay with Tippy for a long time is rising in me.
Hiding that feeling, I left the library.
When I entered the abandoned factory, which I arrived at by relying on the map, the smell of oxidized oil stuck to his nose.
This factory probably originally made Philoid's arms and legs.
Around, the parts of Philoid's arms and legs are rolling everywhere.
All before being covered with artificial skin, the parts of the machine are exposed.
If you look closely, you can see that it is the same as my right hand.
Even though I knew it was a fake, this scene was strange.
To get rid of his rolling arm, I dismiss it with his right hand.
The sad sound of the metals colliding with each other echoed in the factory.
If something breaks your body, come here.
Here, there are tons of alternative parts.
There were many drums filled with oxidized oil in the back.
Almost oxidized, but some unopened oil.
If you run out of oil, you'll be able to do maintenance here invisibly.
The more I proceeded through the factory, the more the worries I had in the corner of his head disappeared.
This abandoned factory should be an important place for me.
But I can't find the essential one.
It's, of course, a watch that Mad had thrown away in this place.
However, there is nothing in this factory that seems to be garbage, let alone a clock.
Perhaps the trash is dumped outside, not inside the factory?
I decided to leave the factory and go around the perimeter.
He was then able to find an area behind the factory where mechanical parts were piled high.
Not only mechanical parts but also a lot of garbage is thrown away.
I'm sure the garbage dump in this town is here.
Other than Mad, there must be some who have brought back something that could be used from here.
Looking up at the mountain, which is many times taller, I thought about that.
"... Well, where is it?"
There is a fair amount of garbage.
It's hard to find and find it steadily.
But there is no other way.
I immediately decided to start the search from his feet.
I don't know how long it took.
The sense of time was long gone.
He was moving a muddy metal plate and a container full of waste oil, so my hands were muddy.
There was a lot of oil on his clothes, and before I knew it, there were a lot of stains.
After that, I crossed the rug of garbage, swam in the river of filth, and was struck by the waterfall of scrap.
And he finally found it.
It was in Mad's shop.
I broke it yesterday.
That watch.
Take it in his hand and stare at the needle on the board.
Of course, it's not working.
I tried to put my ear on the main body, but it didn't make any noise.
It's natural because I broke it.
This clock will never tick again.
That fact pierced the back of his chest.
I gently hugged my watch and decided to go home.
Shiona welcomes me gently.
"I'm home. There was."
Shiona laughed softly as she offered her oily loot.
"Truly, thank you. See, change clothes and change clothes."
Shiona provided towels and clothes for me.
After wiping the dirt and finishing changing clothes, I head to the living room.
Shiona will welcome you there as well.
"Rei, are you tired? Eat rice and rest"
"Yeah, it's okay. I want to move on to work right away."
"Are you okay? I'm worried about Ray's body."
"I'm fine. Mysteriously, I'm not tired now."
"But I have to eat rice ..."
"Yeah, I know. I'll eat it later, so eat it first."
"... Yeah, I understand. Good luck."
Shiona leaves the living room.
Seeing off his back, I started working.
Open the book borrowed from the library by the side.
This music box is a mechanism in which gears of various sizes are intricately entwined inside by turning the handle, and the disc rotates at a constant speed.
It seems that the faster you turn it, the faster the song will not be.
I thought it was a great technology.
The music box is disassembled by following the assembly method described in the book in reverse order.
Then, when the presence or absence of parts was compared in order, it was found that the gear of the part that transmits power was broken on the way.
Does a thing that moves with precision get stuck if only one small part is ruined?
I instinctively look at my right hand.
For the time being, let's find out from the watch the same size as this broken gear.
I then started disassembling the watch.
Remove the lid and use a screwdriver to remove the screws.
When the cover was removed, the structure inside was exposed.
Gears that are much more precise than a music box are meshed in layers.
One of them, the shaft part of a slightly larger gear, was broken. Because of that, the parts are not spinning.
I think it was this place that I broke yesterday.
The fact that Mad-san abandoned this watch didn't mean that it wasn't the same size as this gear.
Fortunately, the broken gear wasn't the size needed for a music box.
Disassembling things is something that makes me feel at ease.
I'm breaking this watch to fix the music box.
Is it because he understands what I am?
While hesitating, I disassembled the watch as carefully as possible, at least for the hands of others.
He arranges the clock gears on the table in ascending order and compares them with the music box.
"……there were"
I was able to find a gear of a size that would be about the same.
All you have to do now is port this to the music box according to the book.
"I think this is okay ..."
This should work fine for the disc.
When I put the lid back and turned the handle, there was a response.
However, the steering wheel does not turn any more.
Why.
I read the book again.
There is no problem with the parts and the position to install.
Twisting his neck, he removed the lid again.
Then, just turn the handle.
Certainly the gears were in perfect mesh.
However, the oil seems to be completely dry because it hasn't been used for a while.
That is probably the reason why the steering wheel does not turn.
What should I do.
Shall we go to Shiona and borrow the oil for cooking?
...... No, that's also a problem.
The type of oil used for cooking and the type of lubricating oil for gears will be different.
It may work at first, but it may cause a malfunction.
Then what should I do ...
Suddenly I saw my right hand.
Covered in his gloves, but underneath are bare mechanical parts.
How about using the oil that is used in my hands?
I took off his gloves and took a closer look at my right hand.
Exposed mechanical parts.
Oil is built in to move the parts smoothly.
I inserted a screwdriver into the palm near the base of his thumb.
When the exterior was removed, the mechanisms for moving the hands of the machine, such as wiring, cylinders, and shafts, were packed tightly inside.
There is oil in one of the cylinders.
And it was removable to make it easier to change old oil.
I removed the cylinder with his left hand and dripped the oil that filled it onto the gears of the music box.
He spreads the oil with his fingertips to fit all the gears as much as possible.
Will it work?
Put the cylinder back in his right hand and refasten the exterior.
Hide the machine's arm with gloves and try turning the handle.
Awkward at first. However, as you turn the steering wheel, the gears run for lubrication.
The oil probably ran through the gaps in all the gears, and the steering wheel continued to rotate without any catch.
And that melody begins to flow.
"Ray, that song ...!"
Shiona suddenly entered the room.
"Yeah. It's fixed, Shiona."
"Thank you ... Thank you, Ray. Thank you ... I'm very happy."
Shiona smiled like never before.
Just looking at that smile warms the back of her chest.
And I noticed.
Oh, this?
Is this the feeling of being happy?
I'm happy now.
He is delighted to see Shiona's smile.
And he was able to realize that he was useful for the first time.
"Thank you Ray, thank you"
Shiona took my hand and thanked me many times.
As I approach my face, I remember my face getting hot.
"Thanks to Ray's hard work, the music box has been fixed. I've given up and can listen to that song again. This orange song made by my brother. My favorite, this Song ... "
"Hey Shiona, sing. Tell me your brother's song."
"Yes, of course!"
I turn the handle of the music box.
Shiona folded her hands in front of her chest and began singing to the melody.
The song she was singing when she met.
A song made by Shiona's older brother.
Orange song.
Now I feel like I understand the meaning.
The emotions in my heart are joy.
Shiona's song.
And Shiona sings happily.
Just looking at it, I was overwhelmed with joy.
More than usual, Shiona was joyfully singing the song.
That day, Shiona was singing all the way until she fell asleep.
I also listened to the singing voice and tone.
Over and over again, Shiona asked me to play the song.
Shiona kept singing so much that his arm couldn't move anymore.
I think that expression.
I want to be with Shiona all the time.
If Shiona wishes so, I can stay with him forever.
But for that, I should never reveal my true identity.
By no means, he is absolutely ...
That day, I decided to stay with Shiona all the time.
A darkened room at night.
On the two beds side by side, Shiona talks to me.
"Can you listen to my request?"
"Well, I want a lot of people to listen to this song. And I want to make a smile. I want to make a lot of people happy with this song made by my brother."
I know only the words.
But I didn't know what it was.
Is it a state?
Or is it an emotion?
He repeatedly ruminates the word happiness in his head.
"That's why I want you to help me."
"Help? What should I do?"
"Tomorrow, I want you to go to the square together, and I want you to turn the music box."
"That's why Shiona sings."
"Yes, that's right. And I want as many people as possible to listen to that orange song that my brother made ..."
"Yeah, I want to do that too. Of course I'll help."
There was a rubbing sound on the sheets.
"What's wrong, Shiona"
"Hey, Ray ... can I hold my hands?"
I can't see Shiona's expression in the dark.
But I felt that Shiona's face was red.
"Hand? With me?"
"Yeah, I want to connect with Rei ... No ...?"
I search in his knowledge.
He knows the act of holding hands.
But what does that mean for men and women around the age?
"Yeah, that's okay ..."
Ningen ... If Shiona asks me, I want to meet it.
Fortunately, she is on my left side.
I don't think there is any problem with the hands covered with artificial skin.
Extend her hand to the bed next to her.
In a cold room, my outstretched hands were a little chilly.
Look for Shiona's hand in the air.
Touch, warmth.
Shiona's hand overlapped with my hand.
"Warm, Ray"
"Yeah ... it's warm, Shiona"
We held hands.
From either side, I entwined my fingers.
Not only the warmth emitted from the hands, but also the warmth spread.
I wonder if this is the warmth of humans, which is different from the warmth of my creations ...
"Ray ... stronger"
"……shell……?"
"Sorry, did it hurt?"
"Yeah ... it was just stronger than I expected."
"Is this strength okay?"
"Yeah ... Thank you, Ray"
We were holding hands all night.
The hands remained tied until the morning awakened us.
The next day, the square was full of sound.
The melody that I and Shiona started playing.
Shiona sings.
I'm turning the music box of Shiona's older brother.
At first, there was no traffic.
However, the number increased so that I was drawn to Shiona's singing voice.
One or two people stop and soon a small ring is formed.
The circle quickly grew, and the quiet plaza quickly became very busy.
Everyone on the spot is listening to Shiona's singing voice.
The young couple leaned against each other and held their hands.
The old man closed his eyes with deep emotion.
The young man stares at a woman a little further away.
Young parents and children laugh happily.
The children were moving their bodies to the song.
Each one listens to Shiona's song with their own feelings.
But there was one thing in common.
It means that everyone is a "smile".
Everyone was smiling as they listened to Shiona's song.
I felt warmth in his chest as I felt that I was helping to make the people here smiling.
This is the feeling of being happy.
The feelings I felt when I saw Shiona's smile yesterday.
That was the case.
I'm happy.
I felt my cheeks rise a little.
I'm sure he has a smile on his face.
It may be that he looks a little clumsy.
But that's fine.
If he gets closer to Shiona, I'm happy with that.
The music box that had just been fixed continued to play the melody without a hitch.
The condition of the turning handle is also good.
The sound flowing from the disc reverberates in the wooden box, is amplified, becomes a clear tone, and goes out.
According to Shiona, an orange melody.
Shiona sings to the melody.
I wish I could continue this time all the time.
This time you can make people smile.
And I always wanted to see Shiona's profile singing happily.
Suddenly, my eyes turn to the library on the outskirts of the city.
I felt that the closed curtain shook a little.
For a moment, I saw a small figure.
I know who that is.
She's always crying, that blue girl.
It's Tippy.
I'm sure she's still crying.
At that lonely library.
Just thinking that way, the back of her chest hurt a little.
It's like a thorn stuck.
How did Tippy look at this circle?
A circle of smiles that keeps expanding.
Everyone there was smiling and sharing the same feelings.
I noticed that there was one person who was frowning.
The person who folds his arms with his angry shoulders is Mr. Mad.
He is out of place, and only one person has the feeling of "anger" on his face.
I suddenly had an eye on Mad-san, who had that feeling that I didn't know yet.
It's less than a second.
Mad immediately snorts and returns his nose, disappearing in the crowd.
Seeing that figure, I was thinking.
I want to make everyone smile.
Two people expressing sadness and anger.
I want to make Tippy and Mad smile.
But what should I do?
While turning the handle of the music box, I kept thinking about that.
After the song was over, I went to Mad's shop alone.
I was really worried about the grimaces at that time.
As usual, I step into the dim and eerie interior of the store.
There are no customers.
Mad is just sitting in the cashier's chair.
However, the situation is strange.
Unlike before, he wasn't sitting back in his chair.
He's just staring at what looks like a small square chip he's got.
The expression is still harsh, but there is something like loneliness.
"That ... Mad-san?"
Talking to him, Mad seemed to panic and hid the tip in his palm.
"Oh, oh, what are you doing? Why did you come in without permission?"
"It's a shop, so you're free to enter ..."
"Don't be silly! It's an unscrupulous bastard to enter the store without my permission !!"
It is said to be very unreasonable.
"But I was so focused on that chip that Mad didn't notice me coming in."
"It's a chip hidden in the palm of your hand."
"I haven't hidden such a thing !!"
"But I saw it. If you didn't hide it, open his palm and look inside--"
"Urusei, go out! And don't come again yeah yeah yeah !!"
As the words push me, I was kicked out of Mad's store.
He came to make Mad smile, but he had it and did the opposite.
Shiona was waiting in front of the store.
The smile warms the back of his chest a little.
"What? Why is Shiona here?"
"I was curious about Ray's destination, so I followed him."
"I came here to make Mad smile, but I made him angry again ..."
"Make Mad smile ... That's very difficult. So don't worry. Mad always gets angry."
"But I felt more angry today than usual."
"More than usual? What happened?"
"I'm not sure, but I heard about the tip."
"... Chip?"
"Yeah, it's a square chip that fits in the palm of your hand. Mad-san is watching it ..."
I use his fingers to shape the size of the chip that Mad had in his hand.
Shiona opened her eyes a little, perhaps because she had an idea of ​​the tip.
"Maybe you heard about that tip?"
"That's right. Then suddenly get angry--"
"Yeah, yeah. Ray, that can't be helped."
"Can't you help? What do you mean?"
"Because that chip is Mad's treasure."
"Mad's treasure? What's inside?"
"It should contain a movie taken by Mad's son."
"Son's movie? Mad's son, is it a movie director?"
"Yes, that's right, but I haven't come back from this town a long time ago."
Shiona says so while looking at the store.
It seems like I'm in trouble, but I don't break my smile ... With a mysterious expression that mixes these two emotions.
"But why are you just staring at the chips? I wish I could watch the movie."
"That's impossible, because there is no equipment in this town that can play that chip."
"Then, Mad-san can't see it even if he wants to see it, so are you staring at it?"
"I'm sure it is. I'm shy, so I won't say it."
At that time, I came up with it.
How to make Mad, who is always frowning and angry, smile.
"Yeah, nothing. Shiona, I have a place I want to stop by, so go back first."
"Where you want to stop ...?"
"Yeah, I have something I want to find out."
"……library?"
I felt that Shiona had a surprised look on her face.
Is she worried about me who isn't used to the town yet?
"I will never be late"
I speak clearly to reduce the burden on Shiona's heart.
Shiona opened her mouth as if she had said something, but soon closed.
And once. He makes a light bite on his lips for a moment and then smiles.
"... Okay. Be careful, Ray."
I broke up with Shiona in front of Mad's shop and started walking alone in the town.
The inside of the library was still dim and the air was stagnant.
I go straight through the maze-like intricate building without hesitation.
To the blue girl who is always weeping.
"Rei, you came"
When Tippy found me, she stood up and ran up.
I gently hug the little body.
"Yeah, I promised."
"Thank you Ray. I'm glad."
Tippy has his face buried around my stomach.
I found tears flowing through her clothes.
"What were you doing, Tippy?"
"Oekaki, come over here, Ray"
With my hand held, I walk while being guided by Tippy.
Drawing paper and crayons were rolling in the place where Tippy was sitting.
There is a half-painted picture on the drawing paper.
"Is this drawn by Tippy?"
"Yeah. I'm drawing one by one."
Tippy said so, and he resumed painting.
He looks into the picture.
There is a picture of a girl singing and a boy turning a music box.
"Tipy, maybe this is ..."
"Rei and Shiona. Singing in the square."
After all Tippy was looking at us through the curtain.
When he saw Tippy staring at us alone, somehow the back of his chest hurt.
"What's wrong with Ray? What's wrong?"
The girl's eyes looking up are melancholy.
I put my hand on Tippy's head to comfort her feelings.
"It's okay, nothing. It's a very good picture."
"Yeah ... Thank you, I'm glad"
Stroking her head, Tippy sneaks up in a friendly manner.
But her face is ephemeral and sad.
I really wanted to see this child's smile.
"I said I draw one every day, but are there any other pictures?"
"Yeah, there is. Ray, come over here."
Tippy stands up, holds her hand and invites her to the back of the library.
The picture was there.
There are many paintings on the low part of the wall, probably by Tippy himself.
"This is yesterday, this is the front, this is the front ..."
Tippy will explain one by one.
A picture of a girl holding hands with a young man.
A young man and another girl who visit the girl.
And a picture of a girl crying alone.
Oh, I see.
This is Tippy's picture diary.
After that, there were pictures of girls who kept crying alone.
Since I came here, Tippy is no longer alone.
The expression of the girl in the picture seemed to be a little softened.
I'm sure it's Tippy's feelings.
But it's still sad.
I wanted this girl to make her smile too.
What can I do for that?
I can't think of the answer.
The only thing I can say is to be with Tippy in this way.
"Hey Ray, what kind of thing did you come to look for today?"
Tippy pulled her sleeve and looked up at me, with a sad expression on her face.
"I'm looking for a device that can project images ... Is there a book that understands that?"
"Yeah, there is. It's a little bit from here."
"Can you guide me?"
"Yeah, that's okay.
Then Tippy spread his hands.
The teddy bear in his right hand becomes dangling.
"Don't miss it"
I held Tippy in my arms.
She rubs her cheeks against my chest, just as she did before her.
"Over there, Ray"
As it was, I started to guide to the target book.
The book is on the second floor of the library.
It is a corner of a shelf where materials related to images of the east and west, such as projectors and projectors, are collected.
"I'm sure it's here"
All the books on the bookshelf were handwritten, just like music box books and maps.
However, it seems that there are quite a lot of types of projectors, one that uses film and one that uses disc.
"What are you looking for?"
"I can project a chip of this size, do you understand?"
I will show you the size of the chip that Mr. Mad had with his fingers.
"Hmm ... Is it okay? Isn't it just the same?"
"The corners ... I think they were missing diagonally ..."
I didn't look at it very closely, so I can't say it with confidence.
But Tippy was small, but he nodded.
"Is that shape the chip that Mad has?"
"Yeah, it's a tip that Mad had."
She was surprised that Tippy knew about Mad, but nothing was wrong because she was the owner of a grocery store in the town.
She was Shiona, she knew about Mad's tip, and maybe everyone in the town knew it.
And it is a well-known fact that Mr. Mad is stubborn and does not try to look at the contents.
"Um ... if that was ... this"
Standing on tiptoe, Tippy points to a book that was on the last-minute shelf.
"It's amazing Tippy. After all, I remember the location of all the books."
"Ehehe. I was praised."
Tippy pushes her face against my stomach.
While stroking his head, I pick up the book and check the contents.
It was more like an instruction manual than a book.
"Mume's projector" ──The types of playable media and chips are described in detail.
The internal structure and wiring were also carefully written down.
It's like a projection player that can project what's recorded on a portable chip onto a screen or white wall.
If you can find this device, you can show Mad the movie in the chip.
"Thank you Tippy, I found the information I wanted."
"... Are you ready?"
Tippy looks up at me with a sad expression.
"... Yeah, I'm sorry"
"No, don't go."
Am I going to stop me trying to leave the place?
Tippy hugs me.
The innocent warmth shook my decision.
But I have to go.
Now I want Mad to be happy.
I want to see Mad's smile.
"Tipy, I promise. I'll definitely come again tomorrow."
"Tomorrow ...? Really ...?"
"Yeah, that's true.
"... Isn't it gone?"
"Yeah, I won't go away. I'll definitely come to see you every day."
"... I understand. I'm waiting."
With the thought that my back hair would be pulled, I left the library leaving the blue girl ── Tippy.
"Did you come again! What did you come to !!!!"
As soon as I visited the store, Mad's angry greeted me.
I want to run away.
I want to cover my ears.
But I didn't.
He wanted to fulfill Mad's feelings.
"Mr. Mad, please lend me your son's tip."
"That chip with my son's movie."
"Why should I lend you, don't be silly !!"
"Please ... please"
"Make sure you don't care! This is annoying!"
"I ... I want to help Mad-san !!"
"Is it useful?"
Mad's eyes become even sharper, and feelings of fear begin to work, and his throat atrophies.
The moving parts of his knees are less stressed and feel fluffy.
I want to run away right now ... but I can't hesitate here.
"I heard from Shiona about the chip. He said he left the town to become a movie director for his son. Isn't it the movie sent by his son? But I've been watching it for a long time without the playback device. Couldn't, isn't it? "
I speak fast to suppress my fear.
Perhaps he was pushed by that momentum, Mad looked at me with a slightly surprised face.
"I went to the library a while ago to find out which device can be used for playback."
"You ... did you go to the library ...?"
Mad was even more surprised at the word library.
"Yes ... I'm looking for a device that can play the chip. If the player is broken, I'll fix it. If I can't find it, I'll try to make it by joining various parts together."
"Why do you go that far? It doesn't matter to you."
"It may not be relevant, but I want to do that."
"I want to help Mad-san ... that's all. So please."
The silence continues.
Is this a positive silence, or--.
"He was the worst stupid son."
Mad sat on a chair and looked up at the ceiling.
And with a sad expression, he started talking to me.
I was just fighting with him.
When you meet face to face, only a quarrel begins.
So from some time he started avoiding me.
No, I may have avoided it.
Anyway, I often don't meet each other.
So I was surprised when he said he had a story.
"I'm leaving this town"
"Leave the town? What are you saying?"
"I'm leaving this town and becoming a movie director. After all, I like movies."
"Don't just talk about your dreams, look at the reality. You can't be a director. You can't do that."
"Don't decide it's impossible! You have to try it!"
"Okay, I'm your father. Nobody sees a movie directed by an untalented director."
"Some people have admitted me! I've got results! You just don't admit!"
"I can't dream if I'm in a town like this!"
"Is this a town? Try saying it again."
"I'll tell you as much as I can. I can't stand the life of spending a lifetime in a store like this in a town like this."
"You ... sloppy ..."
"I'll tell you as much as you want! I'm afraid you'll change!"
"Since my mother died, I've been doing the same thing every day--"
I hit him unintentionally.
"... That's how violence is always. I'm terrible."
"... Okay, get out."
"Oh, let me do that. Keep doing the same thing here forever."
My son left home.
Since then, I haven't even sent one of the contacts.
The only thing I've sent is the movie in this chip.
How do you see what you don't have a playback device?
I can't forgive such a selfish guy.
I don't want to see a movie like this.
I don't want to see his face anymore.
I was surprised at Mad-san, who was unprecedentedly talkative.
The more I listen to that feeling, the higher my feelings will be.
If Mad really hates his son, he doesn't have to carry a chip that can't be played forever.
If his son didn't like Mad, he wouldn't send him the movie he shot.
I'm sure I want Mad to watch this movie.
I think I sent that chip to Mr. Mad with some thought.
So I want to show Mad this movie.
I bowed my head again.
"Please! Please lend me a tip!"
Mad comes in front of me silently.
He was prepared to be yelled at, but he wasn't scared anymore.
More than that, I was more conscious of wanting to do something useful for Mr. Mad.
But Mad handed me the tip he had in his hand.
"Have it your way"
I look at the tip I received again.
It was a metal core covered with organic glass and a rainbow-colored shimmering electronic circuit.
It was in my knowledge. A general-purpose chip that is also used for memory backup of Philoid.
It has become a global standard, and most manufacturers have adopted this format.
In this case, it may be possible to play it even if it is not a projector made by Mume.
I squeezed the tip and bowed to Mad.
An abandoned factory on the outskirts of town.
I was stepping into the pile of garbage behind it.
He thought that if there was any equipment to play Mad's chips, it would be the only abandoned factory.
If it was in the town, it would have been regenerated.
There is a lot of equipment in the garbage.
Wiring is broken or rusty.
As far as I can see, all of them cannot be used.
It is unlikely that you will find the projector you want in this place. But I think you can find some parts such as the base.
That's exactly what I said to Mad, so I'll show you how to assemble the chips so that they can be regenerated even if the parts are joined together.
I can only rely on it here.
If you don't do something about it here, Mad will remain in that expression forever.
I won't let you do that.
I don't want to let you do that.
However, with that intent, I will cut down a pile of scrap.
But no matter how much I searched, I couldn't find the device I was looking for.
I'm sure you've searched for Mad.
No ... Maybe Mad is still looking for it.
Shiona was saying. Mr. Mad repaired the items he picked up at this garbage dump and sold them at a general store.
Perhaps the real purpose was to find a projector to play his son's chips.
If so, what kind of feeling does Mad-san, who couldn't find before?
He picked up another thing instead of the projector ... what did he think when he repaired it ...?
I broke Mad's watch.
Oh ... yeah ... that's why Mad got angry.
That watch was in the process of trying to get back something important to Mad.
This is speculation. However, I think that I want it to be so.
If so, I wouldn't be able to easily find what Mad had been looking for.
Still, I will not give up.
Finding a projector should be my biggest punishment for Mr. Mad, who broke the clock ...
It was when he dragged equipment larger than his body.
I felt uncomfortable with his right hand.
Very small discomfort ... I feel awkward in the movement of the knuckles.
Did he run out of oil, or did something go wrong?
If you continue working as it is, it may not be so good.
I couldn't stop moving his hand.
I'm sure Mad is looking for what he can see.
I look up at a pile of iron scraps that are much taller than I am.
If he weighs less than Mad, he may be able to climb.
At the same time, I started climbing the unmaintained stairs.
I found water hitting his back.
It was raining heavily from the sky I looked up at.
"Ray, let's stop"
A voice heard from a position lower than his feet.
Looking back, Shiona was there.
She looks up at me while getting wet in the rain.
"It's raining. I'll catch a cold as it is."
"Okay, I'll look for a little more, thank you."
"Even if I couldn't find it, I worked so hard, so Mad would be happy."
"It's okay, so Shiona. Just a little more."
I continued to work.
From behind, Shiona speaks unilaterally.
"But it's already soaked. Let's stop. You're tired? No one blames Ray even if you give up."
Soothing.
"I'm worried about your body, let's stop? It's sad if you get injured, Ray .... It's also important to give up."
"There may be other ways, so let's go home today. I'm preparing the orange poipova soup."
"Let's go home ... Ray, let's go home ... Hey, Ray ... I'm worried, Ray ..."
Still, I continued.
I kept looking for it, even though it was raining.
I pulled out the rotten iron plate.
Immediately after that, a small scrap avalanche occurs.
I retreat and avoid the scraps that make a roaring noise and pierce my feet.
"Dangerous, Ray!"
Looking back in Shiona's voice, a pile of scrap pouring down from behind jumps into my eyes.
The mountains behind him had an avalanche as well.
As I was about to be swallowed, I managed to run up on the scraps that collapsed.
After a while, the avalanche subsided, and only the sound of rain remained around again.
"Are you okay, Ray? Are you injured?"
"Yeah, somehow ... it was dangerous."
"It's true ... I'm glad I was safe ..."
Shiona leaks a voice of relief.
I stood up to prove that I was safe.
"Ah ... Ray, that"
Shiona pointed at my feet with her eyes rounded.
The pile of scrap that collapsed earlier. Among them was a familiar device.
It's the same equipment that was in the book that Tippy showed me.
When I dug it out and looked at the surface of the body, it was written as "Mume" in the blurred letters.
"There was ... Shiona, this is it! There was!"
I lifted it up and raised it so that it looked like Shiona.
The water that had accumulated inside flowed out in a slanted time signature.
"I did it, I did it, Shiona! I finally found it! Now Mad can watch the movie!"
"Yeah, but ... I think the machine is broken ...?"
"Huh?"
When Shiona told me, I brought the hand holding his equipment in front of him.
Certainly, the equipment I found- "Mume's projector" had a clear failure.
There is no lens part required for projection.
There was also a big crack in the upper part, and when I looked inside from there, the base inside was full of rust.
It is not possible to project a movie with this.
"It was a shame ... Ray, let's go home now?"
Shiona's hand presented.
I put my hand on his hand.
The warmth warmed my hands, which had been chilled by the rain.
By the time I returned to town, the rain had stopped.
Still, my heart never clears up.
Can the projector that he holds with both hands really be repaired?
I was willing to fix it in his feelings, but now that I have witnessed this tattered condition, that determination is shaken.
"What's wrong with that soaking wet?"
On his way back to church, he was suddenly stopped.
Looking back, the director of the photo shop who took the picture before stands.
"I just searched for something."
"What you are looking for ...? Is that so? Did you find what you were looking for?"
"Yes ... but ..."
"What's wrong?"
"I found it, but it's broken and I can't use it."
Shiona replied instead of me being depressed.
"Well, that's a shame. By the way, what did you want to use it for?"
"Actually ... I wanted to regenerate Mad's chips."
"Mr. Mad? It's a tip that was sent by his son."
"... Yes. I want to please Mad, who is always angry ..."
"Is that what you really want to do?"
The director asked me to try it gently.
"Yes, of course."
I answered without hesitation.
"Mr. Mad ... always has an angry face and looks very painful. I'm sure he will laugh if there is any chance. I think people can be happy if they can laugh. And I think other people who see it will be happy too. "
Having said that, I see Shiona.
"I ... I asked Shiona to tell me that."
Shiona looked surprised at my words, but she immediately smiled at her.
Yeah, this look. Someone's smile makes people around me happy.
The moment Shiona smiled, my heart became warm.
"I see ... can you show me that?"
The director pointed to my projector. I silently present the broken device.
The director of the photo shop looked around the equipment carefully.
"I see, this is outrageous. There are too many things that can't be fixed."
When the director, who usually takes care of the camera, tells me that, I feel disappointed.
Perhaps he noticed my depressed sign, the director returned the projector with a bitter smile.
"Rei, let's go home early? I'll catch a cold."
"That's right. It's bad for you if you stay wet in the rain. You should go home and change your clothes for the time being."
The director will be in trouble any more.
Even if I'm fine, Shiona of Ningen catches a cold.
While hugging her projector, we bowed to the director and headed for the church.
When I returned to church, Shiona wiped my head with a fluffy towel.
Gently, softly and carefully without rubbing.
"It was a shame, a projector"
"... Yeah, but it was originally a garbage dump, and it's natural that it's broken."
You should understand it if you think about it for a moment. However, I wanted a convenient development.
If you wish, somehow. If you do your best, the results will surely follow.
It makes me realize that reality is not so sweet.
"It can't be helped. Ray did his best, no one complains."
"But ... but I wanted to show Mad a movie."
"Yeah ... Ray is kind."
"It's not kindness, it's just that I think it's my job."
"But that feeling alone makes Mad happy. That's enough."
"I hope ..."
"Let's warm up for the time being? I'll put in a drink that will make your body and mind feel warm."
Shiona smiled and headed for the kitchen, folding the towel that wiped my head.
Sitting on a chair, I sigh.
Look at the broken projector on the table.
...... No, it can't be helped even if I'm depressed.
Although it's broken, it's a little advanced considering what wasn't there.
This projector should be able to play chips someday if it is fixed little by little.
The book I borrowed from Tippy showed how to disassemble it for maintenance.
You should be able to fix it by unraveling it in order.
You can search for the missing parts one by one at that factory.
I want Mad to smile. I want you to show a joyful expression like Shiona when the music box is fixed.
Reaffirm the determination to fix the projector.
At that point, I notice that the main hall of the church is more lively.
"I'm sorry."
When I opened her door and looked into her face, there was a photographer's director.
And on his back, there are many more townspeople.
"What happened?"
When I ask mysteriously, the townspeople offer something with a smile.
"This is a part of my broken watch. Use it if you like."
"Wiring, I wonder if this might be the case."
"Use my light for the light"
"No, use me for the lights."
"We have a lot of tools, so use as many as you like."
Various electrical components, wiring equipment, electronic circuits, gears and screws are placed on the table one after another.
When I couldn't understand the scene and was stunned, the director smiled.
"... What is this?"
"That projector, will you fix it? If you told everyone about it, they brought you something that you might need. Some of them may be unnecessary, but the material is awkward. Isn't it? "
"Why ...?"
"Everyone, people who were impressed by the music and songs of you and Shiona. I really want to thank you .... I am one of them."
The director took out the lens and handed it to me.
"This ... It's a camera lens, is it right?"
I felt something warm in the back of his chest.
And the warm thing gradually rises up.
Eventually, the warmth reaches the depths of the eyes and becomes hot and hot.
The words didn't come together well in my head. I want to say something, but only his lips tremble.
Shiona, who had a steaming cup, gently stared at me.
"Shiona ... the back of her chest is warm. Why?"
"Ray, that's the feeling of'joy'."
With that said, she approaches me and gives me a cup of a scented drink that makes her heart fluffy.
"Everyone responds to Ray's desire to make Mad smile. Everyone wants Mad to be happy, especially Ray."
"I wonder if it's a nuisance ... I started it without permission."
"If you think it's annoying, everyone can't smile like that."
I will take a look at the people in the town who brought the parts in order.
He holds each part in his hand, raises it so that he can see it toward me, and smiles.
"……Thank you everyone"
Using the parts and tools I received, I started repairing on the spot.
He proceeded with the help of various people in areas that he could not understand by himself.
Drain the water, carefully scrape off the rusty part with a file, and repair the broken electronic circuit with copper foil.
The solder that was about to come off was corrected by using the tip of a screwdriver that had been heated until it turned red.
"No, no, that's not the case."
"No, this is it."
"Both are different! Absolutely here!"
Not ah, not like this.
Noisy, but lively, the repairs were done by everyone.
And finally--.
The repair was finished in an awkward condition full of patches.
"Thank you everyone"
"That's okay. Instead, let me hear that song again."
"I like the kids. Do it again."
"When you hear him, you can be in a good mood."
"When I listen to that song ... I can remember the old days ..."
"I love that song because it's fun!"
An awkward device made by everyone.
It looked far from what I saw in the book.
However, it is the only projector in the world made by everyone.
I was more than happy.
Everyone there was delighted with the completion.
"The rest is just a test launch of this."
It was said that the test was started, and I looked around the room.
By the way, I have never seen electricity in this town.
The photo shop also used an analog camera.
"... Maybe this town doesn't have electricity ...?"
When I asked my question, the people in the room all turned into a frightened face.
It's awkward to touch something that shouldn't be touched.
Even the director, who suggested starting the test, was mumbling.
"The library."
It was Shiona who spoke to break the awkward air.
"There is no electricity in this town, but only the electricity storage facility remains."
"Is that the library?"
"Yeah, that's right."
It was as if the light of hope had come in.
I felt my cheeks soften.
However, Shiona's expression was supposed to be a smile, but she had some sad eyes.
The next day, I went to the library with Shiona.
I had a handmade projector that I made with the townspeople yesterday.
"I didn't know there was such a device here."
The library counter was equipped with a device that could store electricity generated using sunlight in a portable battery.
It seems to be the only remaining device in this town.
However, due to the aging of solar panels, it is not possible to generate a large amount of electricity.
The energy of electricity is precious to this town.
Despite my selfishness, everyone in the town allowed such precious things.
──I always said that I would like to hear the music again.
However, there was something I was really worried about.
I felt that the place called the library had something special to the people in the town.
Everyone's reaction yesterday. In retrospect, Mad also changed his face to what I went to the library.
...... No, I don't think it's a good idea to make a strange guess now.
When I took my eyes off the battery, which had begun to charge, I looked at Shiona, trying to hide the anxiety in her mind.
"I have to ask Shiona to sing again."
"Yeah, thank you all and sing with all my heart."
Shiona turns her usual smile on me.
Next to Shiona, there was Tippy.
He looks at Shiona with a slightly confused look.
By the way, it's the first time I've seen these two people side by side.
"Tipy, how long can I charge it?"
"Um ... maybe it's about a lot more."
"Well, it's surprisingly fast."
"Only then, I can only stay with Rei ...?"
Tippy bypasses Shiona and hugs my leg.
The sad expression does not change.
But a little bit, I felt that sadness had eased.
Stroking Tippy's head with the palm of his hand.
After stroking her silky hair over and over, Tippy cheeked on my feet.
"... Yes, two people. That's it."
Shiona breaks in between me and Tippy.
"Ah ... Ray, Ray ..."
Tippy reaches for me.
But his hand never reaches me.
"Ray, hey ..."
Shiona's arm is caught and I'm taken to the wall.
--The sweet smell of Shiona tickled her nose.
"Rei, Tippy is already a girl. Do you know what this means?"
"I know. It's cute to follow you."
"It's not like that ... I don't think it's good to touch it too casually or get along too much."
"Why? I hope Tippy is happy."
"That's not the case ... I don't think it's good to casually touch a girl around the age."
"Even if you say about age, Tippy is still a child, right?"
"The girl grows faster than she looks. She already has a pink heart."
"Pink ...? What does that mean?"
"Pink is pink, so I don't think it's good."
Unexpectedly, Shiona seemed to be upset in her mind.
She talks to me with a smile, but she has a little bulge on her cheeks.
By the way, when I said I was going to the library, she always had a hard smile on her face.
She doesn't seem to think much about me getting along with Tippy.
She still looks like she's competing with Tippy.
"... Hey Shiona. Maybe that's the feeling of'Yakimochi'?"
In my words, Shiona swallowed her eyes and took her breath.
She restlessly moves her gaze and refuses to look at me.
She always keeps her smile on her face, which she shows for the first time.
I try to reach for Shiona's head.
"Eh? Ray ...?"
And she gently stroked her hair as if it were her tippy.
"Wow ... Wow, Ray, what happened suddenly? What happened?"
Unlike Tippy, Shiona's hair was smooth and comfortable. Every time I stroke her, it smells good.
She has such hair that she wants to touch forever.
"Re, Rei? I'm embarrassed, right?"
"Oh, I'm sorry, but I wonder if it's better to do this somehow."
I don't know what it is, but it's warming around her chest when I'm looking at Shiona now.
She has a feeling close to her joy that she knew before.
"Anyway, let's refrain from sticking too much, right? Can you promise me?"
"Yeah, if Shiona says so, I'll do it."
So I had no choice but to say so.
We return to Tippy.
Tippy was anxiously looking up at us.
"What's wrong? Tippy, bad boy? So are you both upset?"
Tippy sadly draws his eyebrows.
"It's okay. It's nothing."
"Really? Isn't it really happening? Because Shiona's mother ... Akai?"
"This is different? I'm not tingling, right?"
"Hmm ... yeah, I understand."
Tippy shed tears as if relieved.
The truth is, I want to wipe the tears with her fingertips, but Shiona will surely hate it.
So I decided to hold back that urge.
Turn on the power of the projector that has been charged.
A low motor noise is heard and the heat exhaust fan starts to rotate.
At the top, the light was blinking to inform that it was preparing to start.
It's an electric light that I haven't seen in a long time. I, Shiona, and Tippy were all looking at the rare things and watching the blinking.
"Um ... where to put the chips ..."
A control panel with a broken lid on the side of the projector that is exposed.
In the center, there is a place to insert the tip.
I slowly put in the tip that Mr. Mad gave me.
The projector flashed the read lamp in red without hesitation to check the data inside.
We watched the situation with a breath of breath.
After about 10 seconds, the blinking interval of the lamp became shorter-it turned green.
"This ... is that okay, right?"
Anxiety and excitement were mixed, and the voice was rubbing up.
"Yes, the projector has been fixed and the data inside is okay."
Shiona's words lift her heart. I found her corner of the mouth rising naturally.
I felt "joy" in the satisfaction of accomplishing new things.
After charging the projector and checking its operation, we were heading to Mad's store.
Tippy remains in the library saying she's sleepy.
She wanted to see her together because she was on the right track, but she was accused by Shiona that she shouldn't force her.
"Mr. Mad, will you please?"
"Yeah, yeah ... I'm sure they will be happy."
"I hope it's made by everyone in the town, especially because it's filled with everyone's feelings."
"Uh, yeah ... that's right."
"What happened, Shiona? What happened?"
From a while ago, Shiona has somewhere else to go.
"Yeah. There is nothing."
"I wonder ... I feel something different ..."
"More Ray, it's cloudier than usual today and my heart is gray."
Shiona mutters while looking up at the sky.
I look up at the sky in the same way, but I can't tell the difference.
Rather, because it's after the rain, the dust in the atmosphere is shed and she feels a little easier to breathe.
"And it's so messy that it makes me feel sick. That's why Rei. Why don't you relax at home today? Let's have an orange soup."
Does this air feel uncomfortable for Shiona ...?
No, maybe Shiona's words hide what she really wants to say.
But I wasn't sure what that meant.
Shiona doesn't seem to be mean.
"But we all made it together. I want to show Mad-san a movie of his son as soon as possible."
"Yes ... that's right."
Shiona was completely silent.
She is not angry.
He follows me according to my stride.
I could see some shadow in the expression.
When we arrive at Mad's store, we set foot inside the dimly lit store.
"Hey ... what are you doing?"
From the back of the store, I heard Mad's voice like the sound of the earth.
He turns back in his chair and looks straight at us.
"Hello Mad. That ... this ..."
I took out a projector full of patches.
Mad glares at it as if to take a price.
"What's that? We don't buy trash."
"That's not the case. It looks bad, but it's a projector that can play your son's movies."
"My son's movie? I don't remember asking you to make such a thing."
"I'm certainly not asked. It's something I did on my own. But the people in the town helped me make this. I want Mad to watch the movie."
"So I don't remember asking for that."
"I know. That's what I did. So what I'm going to do is do it. If you want to stop, stop."
I tried to start walking.
But from behind, Shiona pulled the sleeves of her clothes to prevent her.
"Rei, Mad-san's tingling and purple ... You should stop today. Let's renew the day?"
"Shiona, you're here. Mad says that, but you want to see your son's movie. If you don't see it here, you'll never see it."
"If you really don't like it, I'm already thrown out."
It's just a guess from Mad's actions so far, but I don't think it's wrong.
"It's okay, Shiona. So don't look so worried. It's okay."
I nodded strongly, trying to get rid of Shiona's anxiety.
"... Okay, Ray. If you want Ray, do whatever you want."
Shiona let go of my sleeve.
I will start again.
He puts the equipment on the counter and closes the store door.
Then all the window curtains were closed.
The already dark interior becomes even darker.
It's just the right darkness to play a movie.
Then, when I turned on the projector that had just been charged, the fan roared around and the light I installed turned on after a while.
A square light floats on the wall of the store.
I adjusted the lens I got from the director of the photo shop and focused on it.
Mad was just staring at the movement.
"Mr. Mad, I'm going to play the movie now. Is that okay?"
"... Do whatever you want"
Mad didn't deny it.
I'm convinced that's the answer Mad wants.
He put his finger on the button on the control panel ...
──Play.
Mad was staring at the square light with a stern look.
The story begins in the light.
It's a story about a boy.
It was set in an era when the sky was still blue and nature remained.
Born into a small house in a small town, he didn't know his mother.
His father, who lived with him, took care of the least amount of care ... it wasn't a family relationship at all.
And as the boy grows up, the gap between the two grows deeper.
I was in a quarrel when I met each other.
All the short conversations were denials of each other.
At some point, the lines of sight disappeared.
The boy goes home less often, and eventually he steps into the wrong path.
His father silently beat him.
While carving the wrinkles between his eyebrows deeper than usual ...
A boy who just jumps out of the house and leaves the town.
But that was the beginning of a harsh day.
It is used well by those who thought it was his companion, betrayed, and his body and soul became tattered.
It was a woman who supported him.
The encounter with her led him to the right path.
The boy washed his feet from the bad and decided to move to a new town and start over with his life.
──I have a family.
He believed and did not doubt that he had a son and would continue to be happy with his beloved wife.
But ... women die of illness.
She had no time to despair.
He worked hard to raise the remaining children.
However, he was so desperate to work that he didn't realize that there was a gap in his relationship with his child.
When I opened my mouth, I was in a fight.
The days of passing each other continued.
And the grown-up child set foot on the wrong path, as if he was hitting himself.
I thought it was a punishment.
I think this is exactly what I have done for my father.
Now he curses himself when he was immature.
He looked at his hand, thinking of a way to stop his son.
If you open his hand, you may be able to remind his son with the tenderness of stroking his head and hugging him.
If you clench his hand, it becomes a fist, and you may be able to squeeze your son with rigor.
Which should I choose as a father?
── He clenched his fist.
The fist that hit his son was hot, and his chest hurts to be squeezed ... deeply wrinkled between his eyebrows.
But his son shed tears while holding his red, swollen cheeks.
He scolded me properly, and he was loved ...
He also shed tears when he heard the words.
Why didn't I notice what his son noticed at that time?
His father's face after hitting himself was not angry but melancholy.
He took his son back to the town where he was born for the first time in 20 years.
The streets haven't changed much since he jumped out.
And after all it is a small birthplace that does not change.
However, his father, who lived alone in the house, looked a little smaller than he had in his memory, probably because he was old.
He tears in front of his father, biting his lips.
His father silently tapped his shoulder, and he muttered.
Mad's son's movie was a very old type of human drama.
I don't know if this is interesting.
If the emotional function was normal, it may have been possible to judge.
But Mad was looking at the screen.
He was silent from beginning to end and he was watching a movie.
The staff roll is over and the screen goes black.
It looks like it's over.
After Shiona looked at me once, she extended her finger to the stop button on the projector.
The moment her thin fingertips tried to touch the button, I grabbed Shiona's hand.
"...? Ray?"
Shiona looks at me strangely. But I was staring at the screen.
The screen that was pitch black. This is because the letters slowly emerged in the center.
The letters had a clear "emotion", probably handwritten.
"Dedicate this movie to my father"
The letters slowly blended into the darkening screen and disappeared.
This time the movie quietly ends.
Silence came around.
Even when I turned off the power, Mad was just staring at the place where the screen was still.
"Mr. Mad ... the movie is over?"
A sigh comes back to my words.
"... It's a boring movie."
He muttered in a small voice that was unthinkable from Mad-san.
"It was so boring that I was tired of enduring yawning."
When I wiped the tears that had accumulated due to the yawning that I had endured, I got up from the chair and took out the chip from the projector.
Then squeeze it tightly into his palm and sit back in the chair.
"... Go home quickly"
When I said that with a voice with little intonation, I closed my eyes as if I was thinking about something.
Perhaps this movie didn't convey the feelings of his son?
I wonder if it was a movie that didn't matter to Mr. Mad ...
Then what I did ──
His chest became painful and I hurriedly called out to Mr. Mad.
But Shiona pulled my clothes lightly and blocked it.
"Ray, that's okay"
Shiona smiles while lowering her eyebrows.
"Mad, I just can't be honest. Let's leave it alone for now, right?"
can not become obedient……?
In other words, does all that Mad said earlier mean the opposite?
"Mad, it's very smooth right now. It's full of beautiful light blue. Thanks to Ray."
"I wonder ... if so ..."
I feel warmth in the back of her chest.
I know this feeling.
It's the feeling of "joy".
I'm glad that Mad was pleased.
I'm very happy that he helped me.
We gently left the store so as not to get in the way of Mr. Mad.
Keep the projector in place so that you can watch the movie at any time.
When I went out of the store, I saw a faint orange light on the other side of the sky.
It was a color that seemed to copy my feelings.
"I'm really glad that Mad was pleased."
"Yes, that's right."
But it was a sad smile somewhere.
"What? What?"
"It looks sad."
"Yeah? That's not the case. Mad-san is pleased and it's a round heart."
"Yes? I hope."
"Hey Ray. Let's have a feast today."
"Feast? Why?"
"It's an anniversary that Ray pleased Mad."
"Anniversary ... Yeah, it's an anniversary."
"Let's make an orange soup and let's make it today."
"Yeah, that's right. I'll help with cooking too."
"Thank you. I'm very happy, Ray."
Shiona's hand hits my hand.
We held hands out of nowhere.
The warmth that is born in the connected hands.
The orange sky was eventually swallowed by the creeping darkness of the night.
The next day, we decided to sing a song in the square, as promised to everyone who helped repair the projector.
I visited Mad's shop because I wanted to ask Mad to listen to it.
But the door is still closed.
It's usually already open, but the tag that says "CLOSE" is hanging.
The door of the store is also locked and I can't go inside.
Take a peek inside the store through the gap in the door.
A projector left on the counter.
Nothing has changed from yesterday.
The chair on which Mr. Mad was sitting just overlapped the shelf and could not be seen.
"What's wrong, Mr. Mad? Maybe I'm not feeling well."
"... It's like this after all."
"What happened ... what do you mean?"
I tilt my head to Shiona, who says she knew the store would be closed.
"From the middle of yesterday's movie, Mad was bright red and squid, but it's gone."
"It's bright red ... Igaiga?"
"Yeah, I don't think I have to put up with it anymore. I've never seen such a calm Mad."
Shiona smiles as if in trouble.
"Did Mad have put up with something all the time?"
"That's right. I really wanted to make up with my son all the time. I wanted to fly to my son. But Mad was always red and tingling, right? So I didn't have a chance."
"Then, maybe yesterday's movie ...?"
"That's right. Ray showed Mad his son's movie, so he was able to be honest."
"... Maybe Mad wants to see his son?"
"Yeah. I think I left the town."
Shiona smiles with a smile. Her smile makes me realize that I really helped Mr. Mad.
Her chest gets hot all at once, and it becomes a word and speaks.
"Wow! Wow, Shiona! It's the same as that movie! I went to see my father, not my son, but it's almost the same as the movie!"
"Yes, that's right. It's really amazing, but there's one problem."
"trouble?"
Shiona clouded her expression and she exhaled a little.
Is there anything wrong with Mad and his son making up?
"I don't think Mad will be back for a while, so I can't get the ingredients for the orange-colored soup."
With a serious look, Shiona said so.
"That was ... I was in trouble."
"Yeah, that's a problem, right? But if you make it while saving on the existing materials, it's okay for a while."
Shiona smiles with a smile as she breaks her tight mouth.
Looking at her, I felt her cheeks move naturally.
Warm things come up from the back of his chest.
I don't know how to call this feeling, but I feel very satisfied.
"Mr. Mad, I hope you come back early. I'd love to hear from you. Maybe my son will come with me. It would be even better."
"Yes, that's right. I hope it happens."
Little by little I can learn emotions. He realized that.
He is able to get closer to his ideal image.
More and more, I want to help people.
More and more, he wants to learn more emotions.
That feeling was the main driving force that pushed me.
"Let's go, Ray. It's going to be late."
"That's right. Let's hurry. How many people can make you smile today?"
"I'm sure there are many. More than yesterday."
"Because Shiona's singing voice is beautiful."
"Yeah, because there's Ray playing."
"Speaking of playing, I'm just turning the steering wheel."
"That's important. If the person who turns it is kind, the music will spread softly."
Shiona smiles as she spreads her hands softly.
"If it's just my song, no one will stop. My song is due to Ray's performance. Thank you, Ray."
My face gets hot.
"Why is Shiona. My face is so hot."
"Really. My face is red. I'm sure I'm shy."
"Is it shy? Is this an emotion to be shy?"
"Yeah, Ray is an unexpectedly shy person. It's cute."
My face, which received such words from Shiona, became hotter and hotter.
After leaving Mad's shop, we were visiting the square.
Many people had already gathered there before we arrived.
"I've been waiting for you, two people, thank you for your time today!"
"Children have been saying'Otakiki niiko'since yesterday. Please."
"Your song is soothing. Thank you very much."
"Brother, sister, sing again!"
All the people I met were waiting for our melody.
And everyone was smiling.
It was this.
What I was looking for.
Do something to make people happy and grateful.
I was looking for this.
How good it feels!
How warm the back of my chest is!
I've always wanted to experience this feeling.
"Shiona, let's get started. Let's make everyone smile."
"Yeah, of course"
I turned the handle of the music box as I did yesterday.
Overflowing melody.
Shiona spins a melody to the sound.
And the melody expands the circle of big smiles.
A smile spreading throughout the town.
I was more than happy with it.
And the profile of Shiona singing happily was my joy.
The townspeople were listening with a smile, just like yesterday.
The circle of smiles spreads.
Suddenly-I felt a slight sense of discomfort when I turned the handle of the music box.
His right hand with gloves to hide his machine's hand.
I feel a slight squeak in his hand as he turns his handle.
"Hey, how was that machine the day before yesterday?"
While cleaning up the performance, he was spoken to and raised his head.
There was the director and the townspeople who provided the parts.
"I was able to play it and was pleased with Mad. Thanks to everyone."
"Well, that was good. It was worth calling out to everyone."
"Thanks to everyone, thank you."
"No, it's okay ... but it's all your power."
"Oh yeah. Because of your actions, some people have come to cooperate in this way."
"But that's because you're kind. My actions are just the beginning."
"Of course there is that too. But you can't tell until you act, and it doesn't change. It's not who is the greatest or who is the greatest. It's worth it to the person who acted first. There is. "
All the people who cooperated, including the director, had a warm smile.
"Please feel free to tell me if something happens again. I will cooperate as much as possible."
When the directors said so, they were scattered and separated.
I think while seeing off that back.
"Hey, Shiona"
"What's wrong, Ray?"
"After all, I want more people to be happy."
"It's really great to make people happy."
"Yes, that's right, but it's nice to think that way, Ray."
I was a little happy to be praised by Shiona.
You can see that the back of his chest gets warmer and warmer.
"That's why I want to help and help different people. I want to meet more and more people and help them solve their worries and problems."
"If Ray wants to do that, I think it's okay to do so."
"Then, Shiona, let's go find it! Let's go to help those in need in this town!"
"……wait"
"Hey, Ray, I think it's a little different."
I was convinced that Shiona would agree.
But she has troubled eyes and is shaking her head.
"It's certainly great to help people, but I don't think it's pushing them."
"Press ...? I don't mean anything like that?"
"Of course, I know Ray's feelings, but there are barriers and problems that people have to overcome on their own. If you help them all, they can't grow. Of course, help. It's important to give it, but first of all, when the person himself does his best and still can't handle it, he needs help for the first time. So, Ray. Help when someone asks for help. Let's do it. It's not too late to help. "
I understand what Shiona is saying.
She was able to understand.
But I feel something stuck in the back of his chest.
Why does he have to keep his desire to help others?
Why shouldn't he help others from himself?
Why, why, why ...
So I stopped thinking.
It was because Shiona's smile seemed sad.
A few days later.
The feeling of strangeness has revived again.
It's a discomfort to his right hand that he felt while turning the music box.
A small feeling that cannot be expressed in words.
But it certainly hits my right hand.
The feeling of strangeness gradually increased.
After returning to Shiona's house, try moving his fingertips one by one in his room.
Then, when all the fingers went to a certain depth in the same way, they did not bend any more.
You can't grab things with this.
It is a problem at a level that interferes with daily life.
No matter how many times I try, the problem will not be fixed.
Perhaps it needs a radical repair that can be disassembled once.
I have a feeling for this upset.
It was when I was looking for that projector.
I went crazy at that garbage dump for a long time.
He felt uncomfortable when he was moving heavy objects.
Let's go to that abandoned factory after this today.
And let's go find a tool for repair.
"Rei, it's time for rice."
Shiona suddenly enters her room.
I hurriedly put on his gloves and hid his bare right hand.
"What happened? In such a hurry"
"It's nothing. I was just surprised because I was absent."
"Did you surprise me? I'm sorry. I'll knock you from now on."
"Yeah, thank you. It would be great if you could do that."
"Yes, I understand. So I have rice, do you want to eat it yet?"
Look at the clock.
I noticed that the hands of the clock were already spinning around the top.
"It was such a time ..."
"It's just cloudy outside. You lose your sense of time."
"Yeah, I'll go soon. Can you wait?"
"Yes, I see. I'm waiting in the kitchen, Ray."
Shiona smiled and left the place.
I take off his gloves again and check my right hand.
...... I have to somehow avoid being exposed to Shiona.
Even if you go to an abandoned factory, it's only after you eat.
I never went to the kitchen.
The kitchen was lined with Shiona's homemade dishes.
"Ray, put it on your chair. Let's have it."
Shiona folded her hands in front of his face.
I will join hands in the same way.
"Our Father in heaven, may all be holy, may Mikuni come, may His will be done in heaven, and may be done on earth. Every day. Please give us food today. Forgive our sins. We also forgive others. We cannot tempt us and save us from evil. "
This word taught by Shiona.
Before I knew it, I was beginning to pray in the same way.
That's how much I've spent the same time as Shiona.
When I thought so, the back of my chest naturally became warm.
"Yeah? Nothing else."
"Is that so? You look happy? It's orange-colored."
"A happy face? I am ...?"
"Yes, it's very good. Ray, I've come to have that look a lot lately. I'm kind of happy too."
"Is that what you mean by'laughing'?"
"Yes, that's right. I didn't laugh at all at first, but recently I've started to laugh. I'm glad."
"I'm ... laughing ...?"
I remember the first day I woke up.
The face I saw that day was expressionless.
From that day on, I kept wishing.
He wants emotions.
Before I knew it, I seemed to be starting to get what he wanted.
He was happy and felt the back of his chest lightened.
Now you can stay with Shiona and others all the time.
I looked down at my right hand.
You can't use a spoon properly with this hand that hangs loosely and without force.
I had no choice but to switch to his left hand and scoop up the soup.
Eating with an unfamiliar left hand can be extremely difficult.
"What's wrong with Ray ...? Is Ray left-handed?"
"No ... I'm right-handed, but today my right hand hurts."
"Does it hurt? It's hard! I have to call a doctor ... Oh, but I'm not in this town, so I have to call from a distant town ..."
"Yeah, it's okay. If you leave it alone, it will be cured."
Bad ... bad.
If a doctor sees me, my identity will be revealed.
Only that should be avoided.
I want to stay here forever.
"I'm sure it's because I was crazy the other day. Do your best in the rain ..."
"... Yeah, I think that's probably the reason."
"Look, I won't stop when I say. I'm worried about Ray's body."
"Yeah, thank you. But thanks to that hard work, I'm glad that Mad-san was pleased."
"Yes, that's right, but you can't overdo it."
Shiona looks at me with a worried look.
Let's not make her look like this anymore.
When I see Shiona other than her smile, my heart turns blue.
"By the way, I wonder if Mad is back. Haven't you contacted me since then?"
"I haven't arrived yet. My son lives a little far away. I'm sure he hasn't arrived yet."
"Oh, I hope you get in touch with me soon."
"Yeah, that's right."
After that, Shiona never asked me about my right hand.
With my unfamiliar left hand, I finish my meal early.
Then he returned to the room and began to dress him.
He packs the tools into the bag.
Perhaps I will disassemble my own arm.
He needs to solve it by himself.
He can't rely on anyone.
That is why he made careful preparations.
As I concentrate on preparation, I hear the door of the room knocking.
Immediately after, Shiona entered the room.
"Rei, if you like, go shopping ... are you going somewhere?"
Shiona asked, staring at the bag and me alternately.
"Yeah. I have something to look for."
"Where are you going? Near? Far? When will you come back?"
"I'm going to an abandoned factory. I'm thinking of going home as soon as possible."
"Abandoned factory? What are you going to do?"
"Um ... actually, the director of the photo shop asked me for parts and I went looking for them."
It was a lie.
It's a childish lie, but Shiona smiles with a smile.
"Oh ... I see. Be really careful? The condition of your right hand isn't right, right?"
"Yeah, thank you. I'll try to get home as soon as possible."
I was sent off by Shiona and left the church.
The destination is an abandoned factory.
But before that, there was a place I had to stop by.
It is necessary to match the lie that has been vomited in a hurry.
Should Shiona meet the director and talk about me, the lie will be revealed.
That would hurt Shiona.
I don't want to hurt Shiona.
That's why my feet were visiting the photo shop.
"Oh, it's a rare customer."
When I opened the door, the director who was polishing the camera welcomed me.
"I'm sorry to bother you suddenly."
"No, it's okay ... I was just thinking of going home."
"House ... in the church? Did you have something to do?"
"Oh, wait a minute."
The director retracts to the back.
While I was waiting, I decided to look around the pictures on display.
There are various photographs, from old photographs to recent photographs.
The dates, places, and people that were taken were different.
But there was one thing in common.
It means that everyone has the same smile.
I couldn't help but envy the people in the smile.
"Hey, I'm sorry to have kept you waiting. See, this is it."
The director presented me with a photo.
In it, you can see Shiona smiling and me with no expression.
"It's a photo I took before. It took a long time to develop. I'm sorry I was late."
"That's not true. Thank you, but I don't have the money ..."
"It's okay. I was late and I took it because I wanted to take it. I'll keep it as a service."
"Thank you. I'll give it to Shiona."
"Please do that. Anyway, when you look at it like this, you and Shiona's brother are really similar."
"Do you know Shiona's older brother?"
"Oh, of course. Have you ever seen a picture of Shiona and her brother side by side?"
"Yes, there is. It's a picture taken with a music box, isn't it?"
"Oh, that's it. Actually, I took it."
"Is that so ... When did your brother go on a trip?"
"I think it was just after I took that picture. I'm telling the music to the world. It's already sad for Shiona. I'm always smiling like that, but I was crying all the time."
"That Shiona? I can't believe it ..."
"... But, I've been laughing a lot lately. As much as when I had an older brother ... No, maybe more."
"That's right. I'm sure I'm laughing all the time."
"I'm sure it's because you're here."
"I think it's because I look like my brother, but I don't think that's all."
"But I haven't done anything to Shiona."
"Doing something isn't the only thing that makes you smile. You can make it smile by just being near you."
"I'm by my side ... Then I'm more confident that I'm by Shiona than anyone else."
"I can see that in my eyes. When I'm with you, Shiona seems to have a heartfelt smile on her face."
The words warmed my heart.
I am connected to Shiona's smile.
With me, Shiona is ...
"It's strange to ask me, but can you stay close to Shiona all the time?"
"Of course. I'll be by Shiona all the time and keep smiling. That's my number one hope."
"Hahaha is like a proposal. It's a pity that Shiona isn't here."
"propose……?"
When I heard the words, I felt his face getting hot.
I know the meaning of the words.
It is a word that vows that men and women of humans will live together for the rest of their lives.
Was what I said the same as that now?
With that in mind, my face gets even hotter.
I turn my back to the director so that I will not be upset.
"Well, then I have a place to go."
"That's right. Don't lose that photo."
"Yes, thank you"
When I thanked him over his back, I left the photo shop.
The road to an abandoned factory.
He rushes through the red-black earth.
The bag packed with tools is a burden.
I heard the tools rubbing against each other in the bag I hung from my shoulder.
The wind is strong and it looks like it will rain at any moment.
If you go to repair and the number of faulty parts increases, you're out of luck.
Before it rained, I decided to hurry to the abandoned factory.
On the way.
He found something in the distance, he shimmered white.
But the place is so far away that there is no way to know what the object is.
It's still hard to tell how big it is, but the white object seemed to slowly approach us.
I squint at him and try to confirm.
At that time, a gust of wind blew.
Involuntarily I close his eyes.
When he opened his eyes again, the white object had disappeared from sight.
What on earth was it now ...?
I was standing there for a while.
But I can't do this.
The clouds are getting more and more suspicious.
I have to go to the abandoned factory soon.
When it became a dark cloud that was about to rain, I arrived at an abandoned factory.
The inside is still dusty and filled with the smell of oxidized oil.
Immediately finding a workbench near me, I decided to remove the gloves on his right hand.
I'm already used to the exposed parts.
First, I will slowly open and close his fingers.
The breakdown was not fixed, and the movement stopped halfway.
What is the cause?
Take the light out of the bag and shine a light on his arm to look into it.
It doesn't seem that something is stuck in it.
When it comes to that, it's probably a problem with the parts inside.
Take out the tool and start disassembling his right hand.
I felt his eerieness in disassembling his own hands.
I'm destroying myself now.
If I disassemble all of this, will I be broken?
Is that my "death"?
How does it feel?
Where would this consciousness disappear if it died?
And if it were reassembled again, would this consciousness return?
Is it alive?
When I disassemble it while thinking about such a thing in the corner of his head, I find the cause of the failure.
The piston rod of the cylinder that distributes the oil to his fingers was bent and the oil was seeping out.
When he fixed Shiona's music box, he removed it once.
At that time, the oil in the cylinder was used to blend the music box gears.
Although it was a small amount of oil, it was probably the amount needed for the artificial finger part that repeats precise operation.
Does it mean that if small breaks are repeated, it will be a big scratch.
However, if the rod is bent so far, the oil leak may reoccur even if it is fixed halfway.
The most certain thing is to replace this part with a new one as it is.
I stood up and decided to search around.
A half-finished Philoid part that rolls on the floor.
Here in the Philoid factory, there must be parts that fit your mold.
With his disassembled right arm, I search the factory.
Many parts of his arms, legs, and torso were rolling in the factory.
The parts of the head are so elaborate that if you are not careful, you will think that they are genuine for a moment.
From that, he searches for something that suits him.
Looking at the bare right arm, I confirm the model number of the part I need.
It seems to be the model number of the parts that need it.
I search for the same model number from the parts of his arm that is rolling.
I wonder if I'm using something very rare.
When I looked up the parts that were rolling in the factory, there was no one with the same model number.
The decay of this factory is much more advanced than the place where I woke up.
It turns out that the facility was abandoned long ago.
In that case, it is no wonder that there are no parts with the same model number due to different manufacturing dates.
Although I was impatient, as I continued to search for parts, I found what was marked "AR115".
The appearance is as close as possible to the parts that were fitted to my arm.
However, the piston rod and shaft part are a little long.
In this case, it seems that it can be replaced with a little processing.
Place the arm to which "AR115" is attached on the work table and disassemble it.
When I took out the parts well, I compared the parts that were originally fitted in me- "HR114".
Apparently, an output terminal that did not exist in "HR114" has been added to "AR115".
There are no other changes.
Immediately try attaching the part to your arm.
Unlike when disassembling, the installation work was a little difficult.
Even though I dropped the screws many times, I managed to finish the installation.
When I moved my finger, I was able to open and close it as before.
However, the dissonance that the machines rub against each other echoes around each time.
Apparently, the lubricating oil has run out.
In search of oil, I go to the back of the factory.
When the smell of oxidized oil became so strong, he arrived at a black drum.
When I opened it, all of them were oxidized and could not be used.
But at the back, I found a relatively new drum.
When I opened it, there was a small amount of oil with little oxidation.
The oil is scooped up in the oil storage tank installed inside the arm.
Then, I returned the tank to the place where it was originally.
After a while, the oil is automatically extracted, which makes the machine parts slippery.
When I moved it, I was able to open and close my fingers without any dissonance.
I was able to fix it.
Seeing the smooth movement of my fingertips, I felt the depths of his chest clear.
When I put on his gloves again, I put the tools back in the bag and I left the factory.
The wind was getting stronger outside.
I hope it doesn't rain ...
I hurry back to the town.
--On the way.
A white object had fallen to the ground.
It's fluttering like it's being tossed by the breeze.
He stared at him for a while and realized that it was a cloak.
After several flutters, I could see what was wrapped inside.
It was in the shape of a person.
No way, when I approached it in a hurry, I knelt on his knee and gently flipped over the cloak.
There was a young man who was seriously injured.
Blood flowing from his wounded arm-soon turned out to be Ningen.
"Okay !?"
"UU……"
The young man groans in response to my voice.
His body is painfully injured and it seems unlikely that he will be able to stand up.
There are marks on the feet of the young man as if they were crawling.
Blood was attached to the scar, which showed its harshness.
──I have to help.
Something like a sense of mission oozes from inside his chest to the whole body.
"Please be firm, are you okay!"
He throws the bag on his shoulder to the ground and lifts the young man.
The young man groaned even harder, with an expression of anguish, perhaps because of the pain caused by shaking his body.
And he reached out for something to cling to.
I extend his right hand, which was open at once.
The machine's hand was held through his gloves.
It's gone-and bites his navel in his heart.
However, the power of that hand was so weak that I couldn't unravel it.
The young man slowly opened his eyes and looked at me.
"Oh ... you ..."
"Well, are you okay? There is a town nearby. I'll carry it soon."
"Town……"
With his hollow eyes, I mutter as if to ruminate my words.
Then trace his gloves with his weak fingers, as if to check his hand.
I'm sure he got caught.
Through his gloves, he will notice a different hard feel than that of humans.
But it doesn't matter.
It's not a situation that you care about.
"... in that town ... you are ... well ..."
"Well ... Chi ... Sum ..."
The young man repeats "town" like a spell.
The words are weak and almost disappear.
I decided to take the young man home.
Maybe now I can help this person.
He crosses his shoulders and drags the young man.
The footsteps were heavy, and it took a long time to travel ten meters.
But I wanted to help this person ... I was full to save.
"You ... when did you go to the town ...?"
A man who seems to faint at any moment asks me.
"It's only about a week."
"Ah, I see I see"
You can see the young man weakening over his shoulder.
If he doesn't get his consciousness, he may not come back.
"Please be firm, I'll be in town soon. It's not that big, but the people in town are all warm."
I desperately talk to the young man.
If he can talk about something that interests him, he shouldn't break his consciousness.
"I don't have a doctor, but I'm sure I know how to treat an injury because I have a book."
"……book……?"
"Yes! There is anything. I'm sure you can look up anything. So please be firm."
"... N ... Hmm ... But ...?"
"Yes! I'm sure!"
The young man took a long breath and muttered a little.
"... Throw away ..."
He didn't know what he said.
Involuntarily I stop his foot.
"... Throw me away ... as it is ..."
"Well, I can't do that!"
"I was ... attacked by Ningen ..."
"To Ningen ...?"
"Just ... I just traveled in search of an ideal ... but the ideal is ... what are the values ​​..."
The young man also takes his breath for a long time.
"Due to the difference in values ​​... Ningen ... conflicts, disagrees, fights ... forever outrageous ... becomes ferocious ..."
"Well, that's not the case, humans are warm, share various things, and support each other."
"Oh, that's the ideal ..."
The young man weakens as if he exhales all the breath he has inhaled.
"... Oh, please be firm! Please be firm!"
Did I just lose consciousness, or ...
An unpleasant thought circulates in his head.
I clench his teeth and he looks straight ahead and walks towards the town.
It's gone in a second, to help this person.
It began to rain and hit us hard on our backs.
Rainwater gets into the gloves, but this is not the case.
I was absorbed in bringing the young man to the church.
"Rei, what are you ... that person !?"
Shiona welcomed me in a hurry.
"This person was lying down on the way! He was seriously injured!"
"I understand. Carry it all the way."
Led by Shiona, I carry the young man to a room with a bed.
When he lays it on white sheets, the rainwater and blood on his body mix and spread as a red stain.
There is no sign that the youth's consciousness will return.
"Ray, I brought you some water."
I put the glass given by Shiona to the young man's mouth.
Pour a little water.
The young man's throat struck his pulse.
Still, consciousness does not return.
His complexion is much paler than when he met.
"Shiona, I'm going to the library! I'm sure there should be a medical book!"
Shiona said something and bit her lips.
I was worried about the situation, but now I'm in a state of fighting for the moment.
I jumped out of the room with Shiona in the back.
And he was willing to get wet in the rain, and he went to the library.
"What's wrong with Ray? I'm getting wet a lot."
Perhaps he was surprised when he rushed in, Tippy stared at me with his big eyes wide open.
I ask without worrying about her unbalanced breath.
"Tipy ... is there a medical book here?"
"Uh, yeah, there is."
"Please, can you guide me immediately?"
"……all right"
He must have guessed something.
Tippy took me to the place right away.
"Who is it?"
On the way to guide, Tippy asks while facing forward.
"Yeah ... I'm injured."
"Rei? Shiona? Or ..."
"Yeah, a stranger to Tippy, so you don't have to look so sad."
"Because ... because ..."
Large tears are transmitted to his cheeks.
That young man is a stranger to Tippy.
And yet ...
How kind a child Tippy can shed tears for that person!
"Because it's okay ... it's okay"
Pick up Tippy and gently wrap it in her hands.
Hot tears came through my clothes.
You can see that the back of his chest hurts a little.
To avoid the pain, I caught a medical book.
However, no matter how many books we have, we are just amateurs.
I don't even know which book is right for what kind of symptoms and what kind of treatment should be done.
I brought back all the books I had from the library as much as I could.
He didn't mind getting the book wet and he returned to church.
When I opened the door, a melody played from there.
It's a melody sung by Shiona.
Only with that singing voice, I could recognize that this was a sacred place.
"Shiona, how are you doing?"
"Yeah ... I never wake up. I did what I could ..."
Run to the youth.
The bandages would be Shiona's treatment.
However, the young man's face was paler than before.
He opens medical books roughly.
He turns the page and looks for something he can do.
But we were too reckless.
No matter how great a medical book is, it's just a bunch of paper.
We couldn't have saved someone with medicine from the beginning.
We were too helpless and too small.
Shiona begins to sing quietly.
Unlike usual, it's a quiet investigation like a requiem.
"... Hmm ... this song ..."
The young man opened his eyes to Shiona's song.
However, that perspective is hollow and is about to disappear.
"Do you know this song?"
"Oh, it's a nostalgic song ... I used to sing ..."
The young man's gaze traced the ceiling and turned to me and Shiona.
Immediately, the young man turns into a gentle look.
"... Oh, I was here ... Here is the world I was looking for ..."
"What do you mean? The world you were looking for ..."
I wonder if the young man's ears can't be heard anymore, and he doesn't answer my question.
He just keeps saying one-sidedly.
"... the way of coexistence ... the world of harmony ..."
When the young man finished saying so, he quietly closed his eyes.
Then it doesn't move.
I remembered the feeling of something spilling from the depths of his chest.
"Hey Shiona, why can't I open my eyes. I wonder if he's sleeping."
"The power that I had obtained a while ago is steadily disappearing ..."
"Hey, why ... I wonder if I got tired ..."
An indescribable sense of loss sank deep into my chest like a dark cloud.
The pain runs as if it had been messed up in the back of his chest.
Shiona hugged me from her back.
The warmth made me feel a little calm.
Naturally, I put my hand on Shiona's hand, which was turned around my chest.
"Shiona ... I, I ..."
"Rei ... let's have a funeral."
"funeral……?"
"It's like a ritual when a person dies."
"When a person dies ..."
With that word, I recognize.
Oh, this person is dead.
"That's the only way we can mourn the dead."
I can't move while listening to Shiona's words.
He couldn't handle the existence of death that appeared in front of him well in his head.
"Then, can you help me because I'm ready?"
I could only nod briefly.
We start preparing for the funeral.
To mourn this young man who doesn't even know his name.
As I was preparing for the ceremony, there was one thing I was really worried about.
I left Tippy, who was so weeping, in the library.
Is Tippy still in tears?
In that dark library. Alone.
"What's wrong with Ray?"
While decorating the altar, Shiona talks to me, whose hand has stopped.
"Yeah ... I'm a little worried."
"What are you worried about? What happened? That man?"
"Yeah, it's not ... it's Tippy."
"Tipy-chan? What happened to Tippy-chan?"
"When I went to get the medical books, I told Tippy everything about him. Then, Tippy cried ... terrible, I just left Tippy in the library."
"It turns blue and stays the same."
"Yeah, that's right, so I thought I was still crying ..."
"... Yeah, maybe. I'm sure I'm crying in the back of the library."
I could easily imagine its appearance.
When I think so, I can't help myself.
"Shiona, why don't you take a look at Tippy?"
Shiona smiled with a slightly sad look.
"I have a little more funeral preparation, so I hope you come back soon."
"Yeah, I know. I'll be back soon."
"... I understand. Welcome."
After all, Shiona turned a sad smile on me.
I finish decorating the altar and head to the library.
He has a medical book that he has borrowed.
I walked through the streets with a light rain with an umbrella.
The appearance of the town was different from usual.
It's as if something important was missing and lost ...
I ran through the town of loss and hurried to the library.
The inside of the library is surrounded by silence as if it were blocking the sound of rain.
--No, only one.
Except for the sobbing sound of the blue girl heard from the back.
I rely on the girl's crying to move forward.
The girl was in the usual place.
She was weeping the girl as she painted as usual.
"Ray ... Ray ..."
Admitting me, Tippy reaches out for his little hand.
As I answered, she hugged her little body.
As soon as she hugged her, her crying voice became a little louder.
"Ray ... what happened to that person?"
I was suffocated by the words.
"Hey, Ray ... Ray ..."
"That person ... Hey ... Hey ..."
Silent was the answer.
Perhaps Tippy realized everything, she began to cry loudly without accumulating her sorrow.
She spills large tears for the young man she has never met.
Oh, why?
What is this chest pain?
The back of her chest is messed up.
It occasionally hurt my chest with pain.
I'm sure it's overflowing from an open wound on his chest.
It is spilling out of her eyes with heat.
I noticed that I was crying.
I was weeping at the death of an unknown young man.
Oh, I see.
This is "sadness".
It's a blue emotion.
It's the emotion that Tippy always has on her chest.
It's so hard and tight.
Tears that flow endlessly.
I don't know how to stop it.
――No, it's not.
I didn't want to stop.
I wanted to continue to shed the overflowing hot drops.
I'm sure this drop is an act of healing sorrow.
We keep our hearts by shedding the sadness that has accumulated in our hearts.
With that in mind, I felt that the weight that had accumulated in the back of my chest had become a little lighter.
At the same time, I felt that the amount of tears that overflowed increased.
I cried.
We cried.
We cried, leaking sobs and hugging each other.
Crying, crying, crying ...
No matter how long it passes, tears will not drip.
Tears continued to overflow so that the sadness would not die.
"Tipy, we have a funeral soon."
"... Is that so? What ... that?"
"It's a ritual to say goodbye to the dead. Now Shiona is preparing."
"Wow ...? Wow ...?"
"I can't meet you anymore."
"I can't do it anymore ...
Tippy clings to me strongly.
His arm was shaking a little.
"I understand Tippy, that feeling. But I think I have to say goodbye because I'm sad."
"I can't see you anymore, so let's say goodbye and see you off. Otherwise, I'm sure you'll be lonely and sad ..."
"Lonely ... I don't know ..."
"Yeah, I'm sure it is. That's why I'll send it out.
Tippy slowly lifted himself away from me.
I look up at me with a face that doesn't stop tears.
"... I can. Tippy, I can."
"Yes. Great, Tippy."
Stroking his head, he looked a little happy.
But the tears never stop.
"Then, let's go ... stand up?"
"Yeah ......... Wait a minute."
Tippy stood up and picked up a teddy bear.
She always has the stuffed animal with her in her arms.
In the rain, we held hands and headed for the church.
"Father, the merciful God, I entrust you to the young man who believed in the only Son you sent and finished his life journey in the hope of eternal life."
"Remove all the burden of this brother and sister leaving us, lead them to the heavenly dwelling, and add them to the gathering of saints."
"May we, in the sadness of separation, be supported by the Lord's promised hope of resurrection and share eternal joy with the child called to you."
The church where Shiona's voice echoed was full of attendees.
No one should have seen that young man.
No one should know that young man.
Still, all the people gathered here were mourning the death of the young man.
I thought this was the feeling of compassion for people and the connection between people.
Everyone joins hands in front of their chests, quietly closes their eyes and prays.
Both I and Tippy follow suit.
Shiona's voice echoes in the church.
It sounded like a song she dedicated to her youth ...
After the funeral, the young man is buried in the graveyard behind the church.
For the final farewell, everyone in the town walks up to the casket one by one and says goodbye.
Good afterlife ...
Let's meet again someday ...
Eternal rest ...
I will tell you my favorite words.
"Come on, Tippy"
It's our turn and we get closer to the casket.
Tippy was staring at the casket containing the young man.
He was no longer showing tears until just before the funeral, just staring at the young man with no expression.
She's as if she's lost her emotions.
Just silently.
He was staring at the casket.
I was worried about the situation and tried to call Tippy.
But as soon as that moment, she opens her mouth.
She muttered so in a small voice.
A few hours have passed since then.
Light came in rarely through the clouds where it rained.
It is rare for sunlight to shine through the gray muddy sky.
But I wasn't fascinated by the beautiful scenery.
I was worried about Tippy's expression that I saw during the funeral.
An expression that was too empty to call that sadness.
I don't know what that means.
Still, there is only one thing to think about.
I want to be with you.
I want to be near Tippy and talk to her.
And I want to heal that sadness.
That thought is solicited in me.
When she tries to open the door to her room, she is stopped by Shiona.
"Yeah, I thought I'd go to Tippy."
"I was worried because Tippy had a very sad face at the funeral."
"Oh ... but I'm worried about Ray."
"Yeah, because Ray looks very sad."
"It looks sad ...?"
Touch her face with her cheeks.
"You don't know that, right? Come here."
I was pulled out and brought to the living room, and I stood in front of the mirror.
"You look sad, right?"
My face in the mirror was ... blue.
Shiona always referred to Tippy as "blue", and I understand the meaning.
Now I have the same face as Tippy.
Although my heart is quiet, my body loses power and my facial expression is sunk as if it were pulled by gravity.
"... Yeah, it's the first time I've seen my face like this."
This is ... sad.
Even if you don't shed tears, if you get caught up in this emotion, your facial expression will be so "blue".
"A person has died. It's natural to have such a face."
Such feelings ... How do you need to live ...?
It's bitter ... it's spicy ... it's heavy, it's painful and it's cold ...
See Shiona's expression reflected in the mirror.
But he had a sad, ephemeral smile on his face.
I'm sure you're laughing patiently.
Just thinking so hurt the back of his chest.
"Tipy is also important, but I want you to take good care of yourself first."
"I ... cherish me?"
"Yeah, that's right. Ray cherishes Ray himself."
"Do you value myself ... I never thought about it."
"Rei, you're kind, so I'm sure you'll prioritize other people over yourself."
"But that's what I want to do."
"I'm a little sad about that. I don't want Ray to overdo it."
"I'm not overdoing it."
"Is that so? I don't think so."
Shiona's arm gets entangled with my arm.
"... I'm worried."
I felt his heart rate go up.
I don't know what it is.
But it certainly shook my emotions.
I felt kindness in the warmth.
…… No, more than kindness …… Touching the skin I feel a different warmth.
"Hey Ray, why don't you make tea?"
"... Tea? Why?"
"When you drink something warm and fluffy, your mind and body will be fluffy. It feels great to relax your mind and body."
"But Tippy is ..."
"Tipii-chan is surely upset by the death of a person. But I'm sure she can overcome it. Let's give it a little softness for that. Is it very important to be alone?"
"I do not think so?"
"Yes, I'm sure it is, because otherwise you can't be strong."
"People can overcome walls and sadness and become stronger, but it's hard to grow if someone helps them every time. Let's leave it alone today so that Tippy can grow. ? "
Tippy is a weak being.
She is always crying.
But if she says she has a chance to grow ...
I will accept it.
"Shiona, can you make tea?"
"Of course. Can you sit in a chair and wait?"
I sat on the couch and waited for Shiona's tea.
He waits for a while and a nice scent fills the room.
"I'm sorry to have kept you waiting. It's a special, warm tea. Enjoy it."
The teacup offered was filled with an orange drink.
There is a slight acidity and a faint sweet scent.
"Thus. It's been a while since I talked to Rei slowly."
"Yeah, that's right. There were so many things ..."
"Rei, how about your memory?"
"Yeah, I'm not going to come back yet."
"Oh ... but I'm not impatient. I might remember it someday."
"Yeah, thank you ... but I'm sorry."
"Sorry? What?"
"I've been allowed to stay, but I think Shiona hasn't been able to give back anything."
"That's not the case. I'm just happy that Ray is by my side."
"But that's not a repayment at all."
"That's not all. He fixed the music box ... and that's why I was able to sing."
"I think Shiona was singing before that."
"But it's quite different without a melody. You see, you played together in the open space? Actually, I was singing in that place many times."
"At that place ... alone?"
"Yeah, but no one listened at that time."
"It's such a wonderful singing voice? It's strange."
"Thank you, fluffy. But that's what I was doing. That's why I was very happy when Ray brought the music box with me."
"That ... I just turned the music box."
"I'm happy about that. I'm most happy to be with you next door."
"I'm the same. I'm happy to be with Shiona."
"... Fufu. Thank you. Ray, your emotions are getting richer."
"Emotions? I am?"
"Yes. I have a much richer expression than when I met him."
That was what I wanted and wanted.
He had been hungry since he woke up.
Being told by Shiona fills my heart.
I was imperfect, because she told Ningen that she was getting closer to Shiona.
"Maybe that's because Shiona was laughing next to me."
"Is that so? I haven't done anything."
"Yeah, because Shiona was there. Thank you, thank you."
"If you say that, I am. Thank you, Ray."
"Thank you for me"
"I'm ... fluffy, it's weird. We're always thanking each other."
"That's true. What are you doing, we?"
"... But it's strange."
"What's wrong?"
"I wish I could continue this time all the time, I think so ... isn't it strange?"
"... Yeah, at all. I thought the same thing ..."
"... Can I go there?"
Shiona sits next to me.
The distance that warmth is transmitted.
We were the closest we've ever been.
"That ...? What is it ..."
"What's wrong?"
"Somehow, my body is strange. My chest is ... pounding."
Did it break down? It would be a problem if the failure was so serious that maintenance was required.
"It's okay. I'm the same. My chest is throbbing all the time."
"Eh? Is that okay? Doesn't it hurt?"
"Yeah. This is a very nice thing."
Shiona gently shy and put her hand on my hand.
Softly wrap it up.
I turned his wrist back to respond. Like putting your palms together ... so that you can entangle each other's fingers.
I feel the warmth of Shiona more strongly.
And that warmth warms the depths of her chest.
"The back of my chest is warm, like this, slowly ..."
"My chest ...? Here ...?"
Shiona's hand extends to my chest.
The place she touched suddenly became hot.
"Shiona's hands feel so hot ... why? Maybe I'm sick."
"Yeah, that's not true."
"Do you know the cause?"
"Yes, maybe."
"Tell me"
"Fufu, what should I do?"
"Don't be mean. You're worried."
"Hmm ... but this isn't just Ray."
"Why does it get hot?"
"Yes, that's right. I'm really hot in my chest right now."
"Is Shiona the same?"
"Yeah, the same. Maybe it's more serious than Ray."
"It's hard! How can I get rid of it?"
"Yeah, I can't cure it ... I don't have to cure it."
"The back of my chest is hot, cuddly, painful, painful, but warm ... that's fine. That's fine, Ray."
The overlapping hands of Shiona became a little hot.
I hold back his hand.
"Ray, please"
"I want you to stay with me forever"
"Yeah ... stay with me forever?"
"Yeah ... I promise."
"Thank you, Ray. I'm very happy ... very, very ..."
Shiona put her head in my chest.
I felt that it would fill my heart.
It's similar to the feeling of joy I felt before, but stronger than that.
What does Ningen call this?
He wanted to ask Shiona, but he thought it was awkward to break this air.
So, as it is ... I will leave myself to Shiona and time as it is.
Sweet scented tea prepared on the table. We did that all the time until the steam was gone.
The next day, I was preparing to go out after breakfast.
Shiona, who was washing the dishes, calls out to her.
"I thought I'd go to the library"
"Library ... Are you going to see Tippy-chan?"
"Yeah, that's what I mean"
"I'm sure Tippy is still overcoming it, so let's leave it alone?"
"Yeah ... but if she couldn't get over it and felt lonely alone, she couldn't leave it alone."
Just as Shiona was by my side yesterday and she made me feel warm, I think she can support me just by being near her.
"It's okay. Tippy isn't that weak."
"I do not think so……?"
"Yeah, I'm sure. More than that, Ray, I have a request. Would you like to go to the square today?"
"In the square? Why?"
"Have a music box ... I'm thinking of singing again."
"Yeah, there was something sad, so it's important to rest."
"Relax your feelings ...?"
"I think the people in the town are feeling down at the funeral, so why don't you want to brighten everyone's feelings?"
"... Everyone in the town? Of course, I think that."
It's hard to see a sad face.
If possible, I hope I can heal that sadness.
"It's our melody that can do that. I'm sure the town will rejuvenate."
"I see ... I see."
"Yeah, I'm sure. See, let's get ready."
Prompted by Shiona, she reaches for her music box.
The music box, which is maintained every day, is always ready to play music.
We left for the square.
Afternoon in the cloudy sky.
There were few people.
"Nobody, Shiona"
"It's always like this time, before Ray came."
"Before I came ...?"
"You said. Since Ray started playing music, everyone started listening to my songs. The people in the town are changing little by little. I'm going out more and more. , The number of exchanges has increased. I feel that the connection between people is getting stronger little by little. "
"Because I came ...?"
"Yes, I think so. The people in the town have changed since Ray came. Of course, for the better."
That was a very happy word.
I'm standing in the role of someone.
That fact cannot stop my joy.
"Ray looks happy."
"Yeah. My cheeks are loose."
"What about my cheeks?"
"Yeah, you see--"
Shiona's fingertips touch my cheeks.
With that alone, I felt that the back of my chest became warm again.
"Somehow my face is hot."
"Rei, are you shy? Aha"
The face gets hotter.
Apparently, what Shiona is saying seems to be a star.
"Then Ray, let's get started."
"Yeah, are you ready?"
"Anytime please"
Shiona slowly closes her eyes.
She felt that I wanted to see her beautiful profile forever.
But as much as I want to hear Shiona's singing voice.
So I started slowly turning the handle of the music box.
Shiona's singing voice rides on the melody.
The two melodies melted together to create a beautiful tone.
Immediately, people begin to gather.
People who had a slightly dark face at first gradually regained their smiles.
And one day, a big circle of smiles spread out in the square.
Town child A
Townsman A
Townsman B
Townsman C
Townsman D
The smiles and words of various people are flying around.
Oh, this is it.
This was what I was looking for.
People with happy smiles.
Every time I see that smile, my joy grows.
I was sad that the girl wasn't in the circle.
A blue girl in the back of the library.
A girl who never visits here.
She is a girl who stays in that library.
I was thinking only about the girl.
With Shiona's voice, I return to myself.
"Sorry, I was thinking a little."
"Yeah ... everyone has gone home."
Looking around, the people who were in such a big circle were sparse.
I seem to have been indulging in thought for a very long time.
"What were you thinking?"
"Hmm ... no ... not ..."
"Let's guess? It's Tippy-chan, right?"
He was easily spotted in his heart. So he nods obediently.
"... Yeah, that's right."
"After all ... do you really care?"
"Yeah, I'm curious, because I'm still such a small child."
"Small child ... that's right."
"And I'm always alone. I can't be lonely."
"But it's always been the case. I'm used to it."
"That's not true"
"Because Shiona also said that the people in the town have changed since I came."
"Yeah, that's right ..."
"Then, I want Tippy to change. Don't stay lonely."
I tell Shiona to return what she learned.
In response to that word, Shiona slightly clouded her smile.
She looks at the library, she closes her mouth for a moment, and she looks back at me and turns her smile.
"Rei, let's go home?"
"It will rain from noon today. See, let's go home ... right? I'll make a fluffy white soup."
Pulled by Shiona's hand, I was forced to leave the square in the middle.
Then, a few hours later.
Shiona stopped me as I was about to leave the house.
"Well, I want to read a book ..."
"If it's a book, there are some books that my brother was reading."
"That's not the case ... well, it's a book of a genre that I'm sure I don't have here."
"What kind of genre is it?"
"It's a mechanical book. I've been interested in it since I repaired Mad-san the other day."
"That's right. I'm glad Ray is interested in something."
"Yeah, thank you. That's why I'm going to the library."
"Does it have to be today?"
"Yeah, it's better to be early. I want to read it as soon as possible."
"But it's going to rain, right?"
"The weather doesn't matter. I'll go even if it rains."
"But the book may get wet?"
"It's okay, I'll bring a bag."
"Hmm ... then I'll go and borrow it."
"Eh? No, I'm going by myself."
"Yeah, that's okay. I just had some shopping, so I'll go along with it."
With that said, Shiona returns to her room.
Why.
I feel that Shiona is trying to keep me away from the library.
No, it's not.
It would be more accurate to say she to Tippy.
I don't know what that means, but it seems true that I don't want to see them.
Shiona says calmly, but that feeling is conveyed.
But why?
"I'm ready, Ray. What kind of book should I borrow?"
"Maybe I don't know, so I'll go with you."
"Yeah, it's okay. Ray is slow."
"Then ... I want you to borrow a book with electronic circuits."
"It's an electronic circuit. I see. Then I'll go."
Shiona went out.
A few minutes to wait.
It's about time Shiona isn't visible either.
I touched the door leading to the outside.
……strange.
It's not locked.
But the door never opened.
It's as if it's being barked from the outside.
――Maybe that is the case.
When Shiona went out, she locked me only from the outside so she wouldn't notice me.
So I can't get out of this door.
――But why?
--For what?
I returned to the living room, holding his head.
When I looked at the table, I found a piece of paper before I knew it.
It's a letter from Shiona.
To Ray
I think I was surprised that it was locked.
Do you remember he talking about the attack on a nearby town?
So he locks it as a precaution.
Answering machine, please.
Meals are prepared with soup and bread.
Please warm it up and eat.
Never go out
The deceased young man also told me about the looting of humans.
Perhaps the Ningen is coming near here.
If so, it is dangerous to go out.
Really. Shiona was worried about me.
But then it would be dangerous for Shiona to go out.
I think I should have gone shopping as a man.
── Don't be fooled ...
It is true that there are some humans who plunder.
Even so, does it need to be locked from the outside of the door?
Rather, if you call it from the outside, you can unlock it from the outside.
Entry into the house will be easier.
--strange.
If you were really wary of looting Ningen, you couldn't sing a song in the square yesterday.
You can't bother to gather people.
If so, why?
--There is only one thing you can think of.
I trapped me.
This is because I can't get close to Tippy.
Shiona can't do this without thinking.
There is always a reason.
And it must be doing it for me.
...... Maybe something happened to Tippy?
Maybe he's trying not to let me know that.
What's not good for me ... Don't be sad to know that ...
I couldn't stay or stand.
I want to meet Tippy. I want to make sure.
A blue girl who keeps crying alone in the library.
I wanted to wipe the girl's tears.
Look around the church.
There was a window at a very high position.
You can climb, but there is no guarantee that you will be able to get out and get off.
But there is only one way to get out of here.
Suddenly, I saw a white cloth in my eyes.
A curtain swaying in the wind.
There are several in the room, which are long, large and durable because they cover the large windows.
I remove the curtains on all the windows.
There is no sign of sunlight shining down from the sky closed by dark clouds.
When I tied the five curtains on the table, it became quite long.
It's long enough to go downstairs.
Tie the edge of the curtain to the window grid.
I wrapped it many times and checked the strength many times.
fine.
I will be able to support my weight alone.
I tie the other end of the curtain to myself.
And never mind, he leaned out of the window.
The ground seen from there looks very far.
It feels a little daunting, but I can't pull from here.
Grasping the curtain, I gradually lower my body.
On the way, a strong wind shook me.
As his body pendulumed, he clung to the curtain and was at his best.
Wait a few minutes until the wind stops.
I took a deep breath once and resumed the work of lowering my body.
It probably took enough time for my feet to finally reach the ground.
My body was so exhausted that I couldn't help but stick to it.
But I don't have time to rest here.
I started to move towards the library where the blue girl was waiting.
It begins to rain quietly so as to disturb my thoughts.
Its momentum will gradually increase as it moistens the thirsty town.
I don't have an umbrella, so I'm willing to get wet.
His wet clothes stuck to his bare skin, causing me to feel sick.
Go through the rain, covering his right hand, covered in his gloves.
A puddle began to form at his feet, and distant thunder began to be heard.
Rough breath occasionally brings rainwater to the mouth.
Contrary to the hot body, cold rain hits from the outside.
I finally arrived, with the rusty rain coming out of my mouth.
A blue girl waits alone in the library.
The inside is dim and no light is leaking.
Is that child buried alone in the sea of ​​that dark book?
Just thinking so hurt the back of his chest.
Enter the entrance and proceed deep into the blue girl waiting.
"You've come ..."
The voice that arrived from the back.
It wasn't Tippy's.
Zhang himself who kept me away from here.
"You shouldn't go out because it's dangerous outside, didn't you write it in the letter? Maybe you haven't seen it?"
"Yeah, I saw it."
"Yeah ... Then I knew it. Ray is a bad boy."
I can hear Shiona's laughter.
However, the expression cannot be seen well in the dimly lit hall.
"Why did you lock me in?"
"I'm just trapped ... But that's what happened as a result. I'm sorry."
"Is there any reason? Can you talk to me if you like?"
"... Why? The reason is simple. I don't want you to meet me."
"I don't want you to meet ...?"
"By the blue girl in the future"
"To Tippy? Why?"
"I can't say that because it's top secret."
"Wait, I don't understand what you're saying. Why can't I meet Tippy?"
"That's ... no good"
"It's not the reason! Tell me properly."
"I can't tell you the reason."
Involuntarily, my vocabulary becomes stronger.
At the same time, I noticed that her chest was red and hot.
Is this "anger"?
I'm angry with Shiona ...?
I don't mean that. He just wants you to tell the truth.
But my words seemed to upset Shiona.
I can't see her expression in the dark, but the atmosphere that she conveys has changed.
The air with hesitation to say something.
Shiona opened her mouth small, and she tried to say something ... after all, she snarled her mouth.
And when she pulls her chin down, she whispers her words.
"... I'm unhappy."
"Unfortunately? Who?"
"... Rei and I ... I wonder if all the people living in this town."
"The people of the town? By meeting us? I don't know what you're talking about."
"Sure, you may not know now, but I'm sure you will regret it."
"Why do you regret it? Hey Shiona, say it clearly. I don't know because I'm not smart. I have to say it clearly ..."
"In other words, this kind of thing ..."
The sound of boots.
Shiona approaches me at the dark entrance.
The next moment she felt warmth.
And softness.
Shiona was hugging me.
"Shiona ... what? What ..."
"Please, Ray ... Let's go home with me as it is?"
"As it is ...? What do you mean?"
"It's not very good for Rei and Tippy to meet. To be precise, when they meet, bad things happen in a chain."
"Maybe I made Tippy angry? So I don't want to see you, or is that something like that?"
"Yeah, the opposite. Tippy loves Rei."
"If ..."
"That's why I can't meet you. Please understand."
Shiona's arm around her waist is full of strength.
Her sweet scent wrapped her whole body and her head was dazzled.
"... Is that Shiona's wish?"
"Yes, that's right. It's my heartfelt request."
"What do you think of Shiona if I meet Tippy?"
"It's very sad. I think it's blue and tingling."
"Why? Why does Shiona think that way?"
Shiona looks away from me and looks up at me ...
She said as if she had taken the plunge.
"Ray ... I like you"
"like……?"
The words made me almost stop thinking.
Sweet sigh.
Lips and lips that are likely to touch.
Hands turned around the waist.
Body temperature to touch.
We were infinitely close.
And now it's the word.
Even though it is a word that connects only two letters, it has a very deep emotion.
These words fill my heart with great momentum.
She felt more "joy" than ever before.
What someone needs. Being able to give a certain amount of emotion to a specific person.
I don't know any more joy.
And now I'm trying to get that joy.
He turned his weakened arm around Shiona's back.
Shiona accepts it.
Warmth increases in the depths of his chest.
"Shiona, I ..."
"Yeah, Ray. I know. So let's go home, go home ..."
Shiona's hands are connected.
I turned around and moved to the exit of the library.
"... Thank you, Ray. But this is fine, because this is for Ray."
I feel uncomfortable with Shiona's words.
Shiona mysteriously called out to me, who suddenly stopped walking.
"Shiona, you said this now, because it's for me."
"Yeah, I did say that."
"No, Shiona"
"No? What's the difference, Ray"
"If you say it's for me, this isn't it."
"No difference. This is because of Ray."
"No, because I'm happy to help someone. I'm here to help someone, but now I'm trying to disappear from the people who help me. It's not my joy, it's not for me, so who is doing this? "
"Shiona, I'm going to Tippy. It's not for anyone, it's for myself. If this makes someone unhappy, it's my fault, but that's what happened. Even if it does, I won't stop because it's the result I wanted. "
After letting go of Shiona's hand, I rushed through the entrance again.
Shiona's voice never reaches my back.
Shiona just stared at me with a sad expression, without saying anything.
He walks through the rainy entrance to the back of the library.
I found that the water in the soles was sucked into the carpet every time I walked.
The thirsty library air clings to your wet skin.
I was feeling sick.
It may have something to do with Shiona, who broke up earlier.
The back of her chest hurts and it seems as if she has swallowed something heavy.
Many times, Shiona's face passes her head.
All of them had a sad smile on their faces.
Why did this happen?
Why did you do this?
A wave of regret rushes in.
But I couldn't rest his feet.
――There is that child in the back.
She is a girl who is always alone.
She is always a blue girl.
She is a girl who is always in tears.
I couldn't leave the girl alone.
So I'm walking down this corridor.
A picture was pasted on the wall of the corridor.
The paintings that Tippy writes once a day.
A girl was depicted in a picture written on brand new paper.
You will soon know who the girl is.
A girl drawn small on a large piece of paper.
There are tears on her cheeks.
All the recent paintings have the same composition.
A picture of a girl alone crying.
Looking at the picture, her chest hurts a lot.
She was a girl all the time, she was alone.
I felt that sadness could be understood by me.
I want to wipe away that sadness as soon as possible.
You wanted to tell me she wasn't alone.
She wanted to tell me that I was by her side.
Follow the long corridor, dragging his wet soles.
While looking at the picture pasted at the height that Tippy can reach, I move forward.
At that time, he suddenly felt uncomfortable.
It's not because of the content of the picture.
The problem is the number of pictures.
No matter how you look at Tippy, she is a young girl.
If she were painting every day, could she really write such a number?
...... Maybe she had a few days to write a day.
Still, the number of this painting is impossible.
Was the girl so lonely?
Did she have nothing to do but draw a picture?
Oh, why did I leave the girl alone?
How much tears did she shed because of that?
The girl in her painting had more and more tears in her tears with each passing day.
It seems to show that the sadness of the girl is getting deeper.
I was in a hurry.
Behind this, to the girl who would be crying alone.
To heal her sorrow.
And to wipe her tears.
A girl. To hug her body with both of her hands.
I walked so fast that I could breathe and headed to the innermost part of the library.
There wasn't a girl there, who should always be there.
There isn't a teddy bear that's always on the skin all the time.
There were only half-painted pictures and crayons.
In the half-painted picture, there was a girl who cried alone.
――Where did Tippy go?
She searched the bookshelves around her, but she couldn't find her.
Is she somewhere in this library?
Or is it outside this library?
I don't know the truth.
If you don't look for Tippy, you won't know.
I started walking.
He sewed a bookshelf and he looked for a blue girl.
The library on the vast grounds is not suitable for searching for people.
In addition, it's this darkness.
You can't find it just by looking at it from the edge of the bookshelf.
You will have to check with your own feet step by step.
From the back of the library toward the entrance, parade between the bookshelves.
The clothes that were supposed to be wet were starting to dry.
And when her hair was dry.
Finally, I was able to find the girl.
The girl was riding on a large stepladder and lining up books on the shelves.
She is a girl who is a resident of this library and she is also a librarian.
She may have returned the books returned by the townspeople to their original location.
It's tough for this little girl.
Thousands of bookshelves in this library are piled up to the height of the ceiling and are connected.
I don't want to think about the number of all books in the collection.
Such a large number of books and the girl face each other, and she probably manages them every day.
Only one person in this library.
With that in mind, I couldn't help but feel that the back of his chest was tightened for some reason.
Tippy stretches out on a stepladder and returns a book larger than his face to the shelf.
After finishing the work and taking a breather, Tippy turned her face toward me.
"... Ray! ... Wow, wow ..."
Tippy notices my existence and loses his balance on the stepladder.
"Dangerous, Tippy !!"
A stepladder that collapses.
Tippy's hand is extended.
In response to his hand, I reached out with both of his hands.
――The impact penetrates from his chest to his back.
When I noticed, I held Tippy in my chest and fell from his back to the floor.
"Rei ... you came, Rei ... !!"
Tippy had many cheeks in my chest.
From relief, I stroke Tippy's head.
The soft hair welcomed my hand.
"Tipy, isn't it hurt? Are you injured?"
"Yeah, that's okay. Isn't Ray really there?"
"It's okay. Thank you, worry."
"He helped Tippy ... Ray, I love you ..."
The little girl's hand clasps my clothes.
I felt a little wet and warm on her chest.
Tippy is weeping.
But it looked like unusual tears.
I'm sure it's tears of peace.
It must have been possible to lighten Tippy's heart a little by having me.
When I think so, joy runs through.
"Tipy, you were just lining up. Isn't it great? Great?"
"Oh, great. He's a very good girl."
"Hey, stroke. Because it's a good boy, Tippy's head, stroke."
"Yeah ... Tippy is a good boy, a good boy ..."
I stroke my silky hair.
"Yeah .... Ray is stroking me. Tippy, I'm glad ..."
"Are you always lining up books?"
"Yeah. I'm just doing it. I want various people to read a lot."
Look up at the bookshelf.
Certainly, some books are quite old-fashioned.
Some have worn spines and some have discolored.
Is Tippy repairing these ...?
I remember getting the book wet with rain.
If he treats it roughly, he will increase Tippy's work in this way.
He sincerely vowed to take good care of him.
He gets up and puts his back on a nearby bookshelf.
"I'm sorry to be late"
"Okay ... this is how Ray came."
"Is it okay to be alone?"
"Yeah ... it was very lonely."
"I was crying?"
"Yeah ... yeah, yeah ..."
Tippy pushes her face against her chest.
She occasionally heard her sobbing.
"It's okay, I'll be with you forever"
"All the time? Will you be with Ray and Tippy?"
"Yeah, that's right. I'll try to come to the library as much as possible."
"Why don't you live with me?"
Tippy with his face raised.
There were big tears in her eyes.
"It's a little difficult, because I'm indebted to Shiona now."
"But I come every day. Isn't that lonely?"
"Yeah ... but it depends, but I'm very lonely."
"Night ..."
"It's easy, it's quiet ... Tippy, sometimes I think I'm alone because of it."
"That's not the case. That's not the case ..."
I could only hug Tippy.
She smells her sweet scent from Tippy.
It has a sweet scent that is different from Shiona.
"Yeah, I know ... I'm glad Tippy just came this way. Hey, Ray. Can I ask you?"
"Yeah, what? Tippy"
"Can you give me a favor?"
"Yeah ... of course, it's cheap."
Standing up, I held hands with Tippy.
He walks through the library, pushing a cart with some books in it.
"Next ... well, a book called" Philosophy of Mind and Body ""
"In that case, it's the 3rd from the top of the 493, and the 13th from the Migi."
As for the title of the book, Tippy talks about the place without a break.
He was as if he knew all the books in this library.
There is certainly a gap for one book in the place as told.
He put it in and he fits snugly.
Tippy isn't saying it properly.
He confidently points to the location of the book.
I was curious and decided to ask a slightly mean question.
"Hey Tippy, can I ask?"
"Do you remember the beginning of this novel?"
What I presented is a very old-fashioned novel.
Tippy stared at the title and began reading as if he had a book open in his head.
"'There was a height of five floors in front of me. There are cream-colored bricks on the sidewalk of the school building, creating a sidewalk that makes me feel good when I take a walk. There is a flower bed and you can see colorful flowers even from this height. If I throw myself from here, the cream color and the flowers will all be dyed with my dirty blood. Is it? ””
Every word, no doubt Tippy read it aloud.
It was exactly the same as the handwritten characters in the novel.
"Maybe you remember all the books here?"
"Hmm ... I don't know."
"Then, what about this book?"
At a glance at the book he presented, Tippy recites it in a flowing manner.
"There are about 206 bones that make up the human body, from the head to the occipital bone, frontal bone, temporal bone, parietal bone, butterfly bone, sieve bone, mallet bone, ridge bone, sword bone, mandibular condyle, tears. Bones, nose bones, prickles, maxillary bones, palatal bones, cheekbones, mandibular bones, tongue bones, and then to the cervical spine, which extends to the thoracic, lumbar, sacral, caudal, ribs, and thoracic bones. "
"... Then what is this?"
I handed out a handwritten book that says "Pi".
"What is the beginning of this'soulless child theory'?"
"'Everything is finite, and even the soul is no exception. A child born after the soul is depleted will be a soulless vessel. Edward-Morg'"
Tippy memorizes all the books here.
But why?
Even if you have tremendous memorization ability, you need to read these books first.
Even if you keep reading every day, you will never be able to read through the sea of ​​this book.
What the hell is this ...
"What's wrong with Ray?"
"Yeah, nothing. Let's write the next book."
It can't be helped to think that there is no answer.
For now, let's concentrate on helping Tippy's work.
When I put all the books back on the shelves, we sat down in the usual place.
"Rei, thank you for your support."
Tippy is more than usual.
Is it a reaction that I couldn't meet until now?
The appearance that approaches me is cute and adorable.
"Okay, Tippy. You're always alone, right?"
"Yeah ... I've been alone all the time. I'm lonely."
"... When have you been alone?"
It may have been a forbidden question.
Tippy looked up at me sadly.
"Since before, Tippy has been alone."
And Tippy told me.
A sad story until Tippy is alone.
"Papa, Mama"
That was when Tippy's parents were still in the library.
She loved girls.
I loved her kind mother and her father.
Her mother was always smiling and she gently hugged Tippy.
Her father was always arranging the books and gently staring at them.
"Tipy is still a sweetheart"
The father takes out an electronic terminal for books from the desk.
"Oops, that's right. Tippy liked this one better."
With a bitter smile, she closes the electronic terminal and instead takes out a "book" made of paper.
The technology of printing has already disappeared and is now a valuable cultural relic.
"Welcome to Tippy"
Called by her mother on her lap, she sits happily.
And on Tippy's lap is a teddy bear chosen by her parents.
Tippy enjoyed every day.
I enjoyed spending time with her beloved mother and her father.
And she never had a day when she didn't feel happy.
Her mother always praised Tippy's paintings.
"I'm sure the end is an artist. Dad, I have a high nose."
His father always had hope for Tippy's future.
I hope that day will continue forever.
I want to stay together as it is.
Tippy always thought so.
One day, more days were wrinkled between his parents' eyebrows.
Tippy didn't like that look.
The state of the town is also busy.
All the adults are talking about something.
But young Tippy doesn't know what that means.
However, I was only worried that my life would be destroyed.
One day the phone rang.
The sound sounded very sad to Tippy.
The father who answers the phone begins to wrinkle his eyebrows.
That look that Tippy doesn't like.
The father who hung up the phone was talking to his mother.
After a while, the story becomes a quarrel.
He was talking about something.
The only thing I can tell is that it's very sad to see the two arguing.
"Tipy-chan, can you listen?"
Some time later, his mother gazed at Tippy with a mysterious look.
Behind her was her father-and a packed baggage.
Tippy intuitively realized that he wouldn't continue his life.
"Now, there's a lot going on in the world."
"Many people are scared and sleepless days continue. Tippy-chan doesn't like that, right?"
"There are children all over the world who think so. Mom wants to help if possible."
"Yeah ... I thought Tippy would say that ... So, Tippy, it's an important story from now on. You don't have to understand, can you ask me?"
"Actually, I had to go far to help my dad, mom and their children. If we go, maybe things can't change ... but that's it. There is a possibility. "
"No. It's farther and farther. It's a distant place that would take days and weeks to get there."
Her father stopped Tippy trying to head to her room.
"Tipy doesn't have to prepare for the trip."
"That's not the case ... Actually, Tippy, dad and mom, we're going to that place alone."
"Two ...? Tippy ...?"
Parents look at each other.
Tippy feels something about his sad-looking parents.
Immediately, tears overflowed.
"I'm sorry Tippy-chan, I can't do that."
"It's a very dangerous place for moms to go. I don't want to take Tippy to such a dangerous place. Both mom and dad love Tippy."
"No ... No ... No ... Tippy is going ..."
Her parents were kind and hugged Tippy.
"I'm sorry Tippy-chan ... but my moms still have to go."
"I'm sorry Tippy ... I'm okay, I'm sure I'll be back soon."
"I'm sure it'll be soon ... I'll be back soon so that I won't be lonely ..."
"Tipy, you're a good boy, so stay at home. And show us a picture of Tippy again."
"Oh, yes. I draw one picture every day. What Tippy saw, heard, knew, felt. Will you tell me when we come back?"
"Yes. I'll write a lot of stories on the road. I'll be back to tell Tippy about it."
"Oh, it's absolutely absolute. I promise, so ..."
The three family members hugged each other.
I don't know how long it will last, to heal the farewell.
How long has it been since then?
Tippy continued to paint, as his father told him.
Every time he draws one, he sticks it on the wall. To be immediately noticeable when her parents return.
What I saw ...
What I heard ...
What I knew ...
What I felt ...
But eventually it fills up with his parents' feelings.
I want you to hug me, I want you to stroke my head, I want you to call my name, I want to see you soon ...
My heart is dyed blue and blue.
The girl continued to paint her with tears ...
Tippy told me about her sad past, shedding a grain of blue sorrow.
Her little shoulders are quivering.
A girl who is sad in front of her.
I can't tell how much that sadness is.
Maybe because she's never felt so sad.
That's why I can't capture Tippy's feelings.
She should be able to heal her sorrow.
By hugging her little body of her.
surely.
Tippy sits with her back on her wall.
Reach for her to her delicate body of her.
When I touched her shoulder, her Tippy's body bounced a little.
Not a refusal.
She seems to have been a little surprised by the sudden action in the dark.
"It's okay, Tippy. It's okay."
"Hey, will Ray disappear before Tippy?"
"Yeah, I won't go away."
"Why don't you leave Tippy alone?"
"Yeah, I won't be alone"
"Why don't you make Tippy lonely?"
"Yeah, I won't make you lonely."
"Why don't you make Tippy come true?"
"Yeah, I won't make you sad."
"Do you love Tippy?"
"Yeah, I love you."
"Can you squeeze Tippy?"
"Yeah, I'll hug you."
"Can you give me Tippy?"
"Yeah, I'll rub it."
"Can you stroke Tippy's head?"
"Yeah, I'm stroking."
"Can you connect with Tippy?"
"Yeah, hold hands"
"Can you stay with Tippy all the time?"
Tippy's eyes shining faintly in the dark.
Her shoulders that she touched were too hot.
I hugged Tippy's body--.
"Oh, you're on good terms."
The voice that echoed in her darkness did not belong to the girl who was trying to heal her sadness right now.
She belongs to Shiona, who should have broke up at the entrance.
She noticed that Shiona was standing by her side.
With a smile on her face in the dim light, Shiona approaches us straight.
"But it's also a problem that we're too close. I'm a man and a woman around the age."
Shiona controlled her hand, which I had stretched out to Tippy.
"Yeah ... hey ..."
Tippy's face, seeking her for her arm, is distorted in sadness.
I instinctively screamed at Shiona.
"What are you doing, Shiona!"
"What happened? I'm so excited. I have to think about skinship with my child."
"No. Tippy is sad ... she's trying to heal that sadness."
"Are you sad? What are you doing?"
"For her parents who haven't come back yet! Tippy has been alone all the time. She's been lonely all the time!"
"It's a reality, so it can't be helped."
"Is it unavoidable? It's okay ..."
Shiona walks up in front of Tippy.
And she sees Tippy, who is small and sad.
"Tipy-chan? Unfortunately, Tippy-chan has been alone all the time? It's been and will be forever."
She smiled and she said in her usual tone.
"Shiona, what are you saying ..."
"You know Tippy-chan, don't you? Dad and mom aren't coming back anymore?"
"Shiona ... Stop ... to say such a terrible thing ..."
"You're really aware, right? You just don't want to admit it."
"... No ... No ... No ... No ..."
"Tipii's father and mother ..."
"... Shiona ... Stop ..."
"I'm dead ..."
"Stop it!"
A voice echoing in the library.
My whole body was hot.
His breath became so sick that he felt pain in the back of his head.
His bitten teeth are also groaning.
I could barely stand in front of him.
And at the same time, I was convinced.
The inside of his chest is red and tingling. The emotions that Mad always had.
This is the feeling of "anger".
I'm angry at the unreasonableness that's happening in front of him.
Now, the hope of the blue girl has been cut off.
Tippy was hurt by a word of heartless Shiona.
Tippy is crying without a voice.
Crumple her face.
She turned her sorrow into a large drop and shed it on her cheek.
With a young body, he works hard to tell the bottomless sadness.
Shiona made a further push.
"Because that's right. How long do you think Tippy's dad and mom haven't come back?"
"Tipy-chan, you draw pictures every day, right? What's the number?"
"Stop……"
"Do you feel sad when you draw every day? How many more pictures should I draw to bring my dad and mom back?"
"Stop……"
"No matter how much you cry, it's no use. Tears flow only to comfort you. Just because they flow doesn't change anything."
"……please stop……"
"That's just self-satisfaction. If you shed tears, you're just crying because someone will be kind to you. That's just running away from reality."
"……please stop……"
"Let's notice the sloppyness. Neither dad nor mom will come back. Never again. Tippy can never see dad and mom again."
"And I tell you, Ray is just here in sympathy for Tippy. There's no love that Dad and Mom were pouring into Tippy. But pity is here. I'm just tied to you. Tippy-chan, do you understand? You've been alone all the time. "
"Stop------"
Reverberating angry voice.
When the echoing voice on the wall stopped, only Tippy's sobbing voice remained.
Tippy looks up at Shiona with her hollow eyes.
She felt that the light she had stayed in until a while ago had disappeared.
"Ray, spoiling is not the same as comforting."
"That's not the case ... That's not the case ..."
"Rei accepts reality. Tippy's parents are no longer in the world."
"No ... that's not true ..."
"If so, why don't you have a single contact? Isn't there a letter to Tippy-chan, who was so cute and loved?"
"That's ... I'm sure I'm busy and have time to contact ..."
"If you know the other person is worried, I will spare no time. Especially for my beloved child. That means that there is no such thing."
"Stop ... Stop, give me ..."
"--Tipy's dad and mom are dead."
I'm solidified.
Shiona's tone was as gentle as usual, and she had the same smile as usual.
It would have been nice if he could say it in a ruthless, temperatureless voice.
I couldn't take over the words in the air that could be called anomalous.
Shiona's face facing Tippy again is laughing.
"Tipy-chan, your family is only dad and mom, but they're not coming back anymore, so no matter how much you're with someone, you're never really satisfied. Ray together You can't be a family, if any. It's an irreplaceable fact. You're alone forever. "
Shiona turns back and heads for the entrance.
On the way, she looks back at me only once.
However, only her eyes are facing the floor.
"Ray ... it's all for you"
She left the library, leaving Shiona behind.
The quiet hall.
Now I don't even have Tippy's sobbing voice anymore.
I was angry at Shiona's words and actions, and I was weak.
She can't even stand up.
However, it is not possible to leave the girl alone as it is.
She would think the girl.
She is alone in the world.
She has to live in loneliness.
I didn't want that to happen.
He wanted her to know that she wasn't alone.
Her feelings for Tippy are not pity.
It's never pity.
I ruminate many times.
He over and over again, as if to tell himself.
Reach for Tippy's shoulders.
I hug my delicate shoulders.
Tippy bounced astonishingly at first, but settled on her chest.
Pressing on her face, killing her voice and shedding tears.
I stroked her shivering shoulders many times.
If you want to relieve the sadness of this small body ...
I don't know how much I was doing.
We sat close to each other.
After a while, I lost my sense of time.
Tippy got up and started to ask for something.
Tippy does not respond.
Sketchbooks and crayons.
Tippy with those two returns to me.
Sit down with her back on her belly.
Tippy does not respond again.
Instead, she flips through the drawing paper.
With a brand new page on the canvas, Tippy holds a crayon.
And she didn't hesitate, she ran a crayon on the drawing paper.
What is drawn is a cute picture suitable for the year.
The first thing I drew was a picture of a blue girl.
There are tear marks on her cheeks.
Her eyes of her are reddish.
I gently stroked Tippy's head.
Looking down again, Tippy runs a crayon on the drawing paper.
It seems that I will be drawn next.
Her hand rests on the girl's head.
She seems to be gently stroking her head.
and--.
It was Shiona.
A little further away, she looks at the girl with a scary face.
That was Shiona for Tippy.
From my point of view, Shiona in front of Tippy will look like a picture.
Why did Shiona do such a thing?
She said Shiona.
It's all for me.
I don't know what that means.
No, I didn't want to understand.
Keeping Tippy crying, I don't understand what it means for me.
Can I be happy by making someone unhappy?
No, there is no such thing.
It shouldn't be.
I hug Tippy as if to drown out Shiona's words clinging to her ears.
The voice seems to disappear thinly.
However, I felt a little joy in the depths.
I think while looking at the picture.
Perhaps this is a way to avoid Tippy's sadness.
People dream at the end of the day.
It is said that it is to organize the memories of the events that happened that day.
For Tippy, it may be this painting.
The event that happened that day.
Draw everything in the picture, including what was good and what was unpleasant.
By doing so, I think I can organize my memory and calm my mind.
In fact, Tippy's expression is a little softer.
As the painting progresses, the sadness eases.
It's like passing sadness to the painting.
Tippy stood up and pulled my hand.
He follows him, pulling him in his hand, and he arrives at a wall with a painting on one side.
A picture that he writes one sheet a day.
The number of the paintings was enormous.
Tippy put the picture he drew today at the very end.
In addition, one more picture of Tippy has been added.
The wall-filled painting also felt like her diary showing the girl's loneliness.
Tippy would have spent all his time alone in this story.
I've been talking about such a sad story alone ...
With that in mind, there was something that came up from the depths of his chest.
When I saw her eyes full of her melancholy, I suddenly got stuck in my voice.
Instead of she answering, she hugs Tippy.
After a while, I hear a quiet sleep.
Compare Tippy, who sleeps in her arms, with the picture diary on her wall.
Perhaps this picture book is Tippy's heart itself.
Thinking about that, I fell asleep.
It's the church where I live.
I'm standing in front of the familiar white, big door.
I pushed the door open with both of his hands.
The chapel that follows is surrounded by amazing silence.
-No, it's not completely silent.
This is because a quiet sobbing voice reached my ears.
He rushes through the chapel.
Then, I faced the person without slipping.
It's a person who always smiles.
It was Shiona.
Shiona shook her delicate shoulders and cried.
I couldn't hide my surprise.
――Why is she crying?
I didn't understand the reason.
But it's true that Shiona is crying in front of her.
Her tears in her are not false.
Still, I couldn't do anything.
...... No, that's not the case.
There should be something I can do.
Reach out for him.
My fingertips extended to Shiona's eyes.
I can't stop the tears.
However, I can wipe the tears that flowed.
I can only do that.
Stretch his fingertips into a large drop.
On the way, his hand stopped.
My fingertips are made of machines.
The extended index finger has the luster peculiar to metal ...
It was.
forgot.
No, I wanted to forget it.
I'm not Ningen.
It is a created existence.
Why.
Isn't it allowed for me to wipe the tears of a loved one?
Shiona cries.
She keeps shedding tears.
Is it sad that Shiona never showed it?
But I can't stop or wipe the unstoppable tears.
Then why am I here?
What can I do for Shiona here?
I couldn't find the answer.
I couldn't move the extended machine's hand any more ...
-Immediately after, a dissonant sound of metal rubbing against each other echoed around.
The deafening sound echoes intermittently.
When I think about it, my extended fingertips.
The part collapses and falls to the floor.
The collapse that began at his fingertips increased his palm-wrist-arm-shoulder range.
Parts all over the body collapse and fall.
Eventually I found it difficult to even stand there and fell to the floor.
His legs and torso are scrapped.
Iron scraps pile up around.
I couldn't even speak out, and I had no choice but to accept the collapse.
Shiona is crying all the time.
She kills her voice and cries.
I can't even reach out to the machine anymore.
It's no longer there with his arms or fingertips.
The collapse erodes the entire body and reaches the head.
I don't feel any pain.
You can't feel it.
However…….
I was feeling pain in the back of his chest, which should have disappeared.
The last sight I saw as his field of vision collapsed was Shiona's sad expression and tears.
Eventually, I was just a metal.
It became a pile of scrap.
--There, I wake up.
He was screaming something, but he doesn't remember.
His breathing is rough.
He hurriedly checks the area.
A dim, dusty space.
The lukewarm air that clings to you.
And the thick books lined up on the shelves.
This was a library.
I fell asleep yesterday, and it seems that the morning has just arrived.
He hurriedly removes his gloves and checks his right hand.
It should have collapsed earlier, but it was still there.
But like a dream, it's made of machines.
Before I knew it, Tippy was sleeping on his lap.
Her innocent sleeping face does not make me feel the sadness of yesterday.
Apparently, I had a dream in Ningen.
While in sleep mode, he may get a glimpse of past records as he organizes his storage.
But now it's like a prediction that comes from experience and memory.
I wonder if this kind of possibility was calculated as being hidden in the future.
But how sad it is!
I hadn't been able to calm the rustle in the back of his chest.
Why do Shiona's tears upset me so much?
And why am I so helpless?
I'm not real.
I knew it.
He intended to know.
But I still want to make you laugh.
Whether it's Shiona or Tippy, I want to make everyone in the town laugh.
But I can't do that.
I can find the answer, but I don't want to admit it.
――It's because I'm a structure.
The only truth he can't resist.
But still, I wanted it.
I want to make everyone around me smile.
But that doesn't come true.
When I try to make Tippy smile, Shiona doesn't laugh.
When he tries to make Shiona smile, he can't wipe Tippy's tears.
How difficult it is!
Is there a better way to make everyone smile?
Looking at Tippy's sad sleeping face, I ruminated deep inside his chest many times.
Stroking Tippy's head with his fingertips.
Smooth hair allows his fingertips to pass through without entanglement.
The sweet scent spreads.
"Hmm ... Hmm ..."
I wonder if he's dreaming, Tippy screamed a little.
The young sleeping face makes me want to protect it.
But how?
I was at a loss, looking at the machine's right hand and Tippy's face alternately.
I thought it would be good if such a gradual time could continue forever.
――But that didn't happen.
A strange sound echoed from a distance.
The sound of footsteps resonates as if many people were walking at exactly the same timing.
And a faint scream and the sound of something being destroyed.
Those two will destroy even my little hope.
He hurriedly puts gloves on his right hand.
"What ... Ray, what ...?"
Tippy woke up to the anomaly.
An uneasy expression that should not have existed before spreads to Tippy's face.
"I don't know ... but it looks like something happened."
"What is it? What is it?"
"I have no idea, but I'm sure it's not a good thing."
I stand up and point my toes at the library aisle.
"... Ray? Where are you going?"
"I'll see you a little."
"No ... don't go, Ray"
"It's okay, I can't go anywhere. I'll just look at the rooftop for a while."
"No ... No ..."
Tippy hugged and shed tears.
She may be reminiscent of her lost parents.
"It's okay. It's okay, so Tippy."
"kind of……"
"Have I broken my promise with Tippy?"
"Yes, that's right. Whenever I went to see him, he always did that, right?"
"That's okay. Seen from the roof, I'll be back soon."
"... Okay, but come back soon."
"Yeah, of course."
I made an appointment with Tippy and headed to the roof of the library.
He climbed a long spiral staircase in front of an old rusty door.
There is no evidence that it has been used for a long time.
When I opened it, I rubbed it and heard an unpleasant sound in my ears.
I push the door open regardless.
It was at the same time as ...
An incident jumps into my eyes.
Black smoke was rising from all over the town.
Things like screams aren't misunderstood, they come from the mouths of the townspeople who run away from something.
And it was multiple figures wearing dirty cloaks that were chasing the people of such a town.
Just walking quietly with the firearms in place ──, but with lean cooperation, we will hunt down those who will surely escape.
It was as if everything had been calculated.
The assailants are exchanging words with the townspeople who have been cornered by the wall.
The assailants look at each other and nod, pointing the muzzle at the townspeople's head.
Then, without showing any hesitation, he pulls the triggering finger.
──Along with the dry sound, the townspeople trembled as if their heads popped, and the townspeople collapsed on the spot ...
The sound returned to me and I understood the situation.
Believe it or not ... this town seems to have been attacked.
What Shiona was saying was true ...
I hurried back to the lobby.
Seeing me like that, Tippy asks anxiously.
"Ray ... what happened? I'm really scared."
"... I don't know ... but ... something bad is happening ..."
I couldn't tell Tippy what I saw, and I muddy my words.
"What's wrong? What do you mean?"
"I think this town is being attacked ..."
"No ... Tippy, I'm scared ..."
"It's okay, it's far from the town. It's still safe here, so calm down."
"... Yeah ... but what do you do?"
"I'm going to see what's going on ..."
I was worried about the town, but I was more worried about Shiona.
Yesterday, there was something like that, but she's still the Ningen who helped me.
I don't know why Shiona, who is kind to everyone, is so harsh only to Tippy.
I still don't understand the meaning of the word that I said it was for me.
"No, don't go ... please ... Ray ..."
"It's okay, Tippy. I'll definitely be back."
"Really? Really?"
"Yeah, of course. So can you wait a bit?"
"If you come back, I'm tippy."
Tippy hugged the teddy bear tightly.
Still, the anxiety cannot be wiped out from the facial expression.
Can I do nothing to the sadness and anxiety of this girl?
I left the library with such a dark feeling in my heart.
I decided to use the back road as much as possible for the road to the town.
What's happening in town is obviously bad.
If I find myself, there is a risk of some damage.
He kills his footsteps as much as possible and heads for the square.
Hopefully he wanted to arrive before the formation, but it seemed impossible because he made repeated detours.
The closer you are to the center of town, the more you will notice the broken buildings.
But they are all buildings that weren't likely to break until yesterday.
I wonder if strangers who were chasing after the people in that town broke it.
Smoke is drifting in a town that was beautiful until yesterday.
Why do we need to destroy the buildings in this peaceful town?
I just can't agree with that.
As the screams and the noise of breaking the building increased, I arrived at the truth.
--To the misery that is happening in the open space.
A number of men were chasing and catching the townspeople.
He points a gun and uses unreasonable violence as a shield to drive men, women, and even children alike.
The captive townspeople are seated in the center of the square.
A crying child. An unvoiced angry voice.
The wind that blows such a voice, and the armed men have cool faces.
No, the expression "cool" may be strange.
He had no interest in it, and looked like a glance at a stone falling on the side of the road.
The appearance of Shiona cannot be confirmed in the visible range. Can she think she hasn't been captured yet ...?
"--how's it going"
"--The majority of the inhabitants have been captured. The rest will be a matter of time."
Nearby, I heard two men talking.
I slowly approach the two and listen to them so that they are not noticed.
"How about water and food?"
"It was well saved. A groundwater source was found for water."
"Well, the harvest was better than expected."
"Oh, it's possible to settle down as it is."
I was convinced.
These men are the humans who attack the town and steal water and food.
I just couldn't forgive their unreasonableness.
You're hurting innocent people just for looting.
But I couldn't do anything more.
You can't even jump out of the spot.
I knew best that I was powerless.
"But how did you find such a small town?"
"-The other day, there must have been a slave man who escaped."
"Sure, I was advocating coexistence with Philoid ..."
"Oh. A stupid guy trapped in old-fashioned thought. Coexistence and harmony with Philoid, too wasteful thinking in this world."
── Coexistence and harmony …….
I think of a young man in that word.
I helped and brought me to this town ... and the last words of that person who died.
Does that mean that it was these humans who injured that person?
"That's why it was a labor force that was treated the same as Philoid and kept alive."
"That's right. When I was chasing to bring it back, it was useful in an unexpected way."
One of the men continues with a voice without intonation.
"Ningen who helped that man appeared and showed me the way to the town."
He heard the words and felt his back getting colder.
Why didn't you think about the cause of that young man's injury at that time?
I should have heard from Shiona that there is a group that is looting ...
Even when I returned to town, I might have avoided tailing if I had been more careful about my surroundings.
At one point, he regrets having taken an easy action.
It was me who created the cause of this attack.
"We have gathered the main people of the town in one place. There are no rebels."
"Well, then select those who are oral intake type and have no production / control ability. What are the factors that reduce productivity?"
While saying so, the man who received the report pulled out his pistol from his bosom.
"Disposal"
"--Stop it!"
As soon as I understood the meaning of the word, I was screaming.
However, I couldn't help screaming at the humans who said "disposal" so lightly to the people in the town who took care of me.
So the men who were there look back.
And there were eyes.
"Secure"
With that voice, the men rushed to me.
I started running in a hurry.
However, my body has not caught up with his feelings.
His legs didn't turn well and he was dressed to run away while losing his balance.
Immediately men approach behind.
It's as accurate as a machine.
It's bad, it will be caught as it is.
One or eight, I ran into the back alley.
The back alleys are muddy due to the influence of rain.
I run through while being taken off.
Occasionally, he knocks down the timber leaning against the wall and tries to slow down the men's movements.
However, that is not a stumbling block.
Immediately behind, I found that the men were approaching.
Can you escape as it is ...?
What I was aiming for was a library.
Even if they escape to the library as it is, Tippy's existence will be revealed to them.
If Tippy is attacked--.
I changed the direction of his toes.
He escapes to the door that looks like the back door of the nearest building.
Coincidentally, it was Mad's general store.
I'm looking for a place to hide.
"!?"
I found a figure sitting in a chair.
Mad doesn't answer. That day he sat shallowly in a chair with his arms crossed, just as he did after turning the projector.
"Mr. Mad, you can hear me !? Please stop joking at such times. Mad-Mr. Mad?"
At the end, swallow the scream.
As soon as he touched Mad, he-quietly collapsed from his chair. It's as if he's already gone.
"Why--!"
Did they "dispose" of it? But there is no trauma to it.
"I found the target"
Ironically, it was the voices of the men who chased me that made me realize that I was in a panic.
But it was too late.
"The labor force will be enough now, eliminate it."
I couldn't deal with anything, I just hurriedly jumped away from Mad, the men who stepped in, and the first man held his pistol at me ──
"Ray!"
Immediately after, several things happened at the same time.
A gunshot that made a dry noise and echoed.
And a figure who slips in front of me like a cover.
"NS--"
I had time to grasp the situation.
The person stood to protect me.
The person turns only his face and looks at me.
With a smile that never changed, the person saw me.
And a few seconds later--.
"Shiona Ahh!"
With a pure white head, I scream.
When I saw that figure, my body started to move unconsciously.
He knocked down one of the shelves with the arm of a machine hidden under his gloves. It knocked down the shelves throughout the store in a chain reaction-scattering fine pieces and finer dust around.
At the same time, he picks up the canned food that has fallen on the floor and throws it at the window.
The men react to the sound of the window glass breaking.
"Did you escape from the window?"
"I'll chase you"
The men jump out of the open door.
"Did you go?"
And as for me, right next to the fallen shelf, I was crouching in the appearance of sinking half of his body on the floor that had fallen out of the shock.
While hugging in his chest so that the shelves and fragments do not hit the fallen Shiona.
"Shiona, Shiona, firmly!"
Shiona, who has her eyes closed, is desperately shaken.
She seems to have fainted her.
I gaze at Shiona's body, but I can't find anything that seems to be hurt.
Did the bullet not hit? But she's faint, so it may not be safe.
Anyway, I have to evacuate once.
――A place near here where you can do that ...
I take a deep breath and I remember.
The girl who kept me waiting in the library.
I went back to the library through the back road so that the humans wouldn't find it.
It was quite a handicap to carry Shiona on my back, but I went through the destroyed building over and over again.
During that time, Shiona didn't move at all. It was a good thing for her to carry, but at the same time her anxiety increased.
If something happened to Shiona-I arrived at the library, almost crushed by such fear.
The clouds over the sky made the shade even darker.
When I finally arrived at the library, I searched for Tippy.
Is Tippy safe?
So far, she has no form of vandalism in the library.
There is no evidence that someone has come in.
After passing through the entrance, the hall was quiet.
Feeling her relief in her chest, she sews between the shelves and searches for Tippy.
However, no matter how much I searched, I couldn't find Tippy.
Maybe--.
I searched hard to get rid of my nasty thoughts.
Maybe--.
I go to the lobby with hope.
He wraps around behind it.
There was Tippy, who closed his ears and eyes and quivered a little.
Reach for his little body.
"Tipy, I'm back."
Tippy's shoulders bouncing small.
But when I admitted, he hugged me with a jumping momentum.
"Welcome back. I'm sorry, Ray."
I press big tears against my chest.
The body was quivering.
Oh, I was anxious about this child again.
Put your hand on his back and stroke it.
"It's okay ... I'll never leave."
Perhaps he was relieved by the words, Tippy's trembling diminished and eventually stopped.
"What happened? Shiona, what happened?"
Looking at Shiona with her eyes closed, Tippy asks anxiously.
I spoke as it was without hiding it.
"I was shot. To protect me ... I don't think I'm injured, but I'm faint ..."
"Show me right away!"
With unprecedented agility, Tippy laid Shiona on the floor, hugging her.
"Rei looks behind her and sees Shiona's wounds."
"Ah, yeah ... is Shiona injured?"
"I don't know, but I'm going to do it."
Seeing Tippy working on Shiona's clothes, I hurriedly turned to the back.
Soon ...
"... it's okay, it's okay ... it wasn't, Ray."
Tippy's tone was back to normal.
I look back quietly.
Shiona is breathing gently on the floor of the laid lobby.
She wondered if she was shot at me, but she just fainted with a gunshot at close range.
"Was good……"
From the bottom of my heart, I took a sigh of relief.
"Why was Ray, Shiona shot?"
"Ningen are here, and they're starting to plunder in this town. They're destroying buildings."
I didn't say that he was trying to "dispose" the townspeople, and that Mr. Mad might have already been "processed".
"So when I was found and I was about to be shot, Shiona would take care of me--"
Involuntarily squeeze his fist. Tippy stares at me sadly,
"-That's right, but if that's the case ... it might not be a hit here either."
With a mysterious face, he replied.
"I wonder if I can overdo it if I'm hiding ... I'll manage until the Ningen go out ..."
Tippy sadly shook his head to control my words.
"The Ningen have found this city. The city we recommend. So I'll come here too."
"That ... will they settle here ...?"
"Because this is a" town ""
Town ... That's right.
I also walked on the barren land until I got here.
There was no food or water, and he was always next to death.
Those humans may have traveled to such a world.
If so, this "town" is a paradise that I never hoped for.
"But ... why do you do something that robs you? People in this town should accept it."
"For ourselves to go"
"For that reason, I can do anything ... I'm wrong to sacrifice someone!"
"... Ray, scary ..."
"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare Tippy ..."
He unleashes his fist, which he was holding indignantly, and strokes Tippy's head to reassure him.
Now think about Tippy and Shiona.
If we stay in the town as it is, these two people will be in danger.
I really want to help everyone in the town. But it's impossible for me now. There is no such power or wisdom.
Now freeze the emotions taught by Shiona and the townspeople, mechanically ... make the most efficient choice.
Let's go to a calm place once.
"Tipy, let's leave the town once, and think of ways to help the townspeople."
As I say, my chest is tightened.
That's because he has ranked his life.
He has chosen a life within reach in front of him.
It must be shallow. Even though the weight of life is equal ... I'm still trying to choose ...
"Yeah, I think it's good."
The little girl nods alleviates my feelings of guilt.
"Once you hide in that abandoned factory, there shouldn't be anything that Ningen wants."
"Then, I have to eat Rei and Shiona's food ..."
"That's right. I wish I could somehow stop by the church."
The library and church we are in are on the other side of the square, on the edge of the town.
Even if you leave the town and make a big detour, there is no end to being shot at an unobstructed place. In addition, I carry Shiona on my back.
Then, is there no choice but to go under the debris? This time, Tippy will be with us, so the difficulty will be even higher ...
I explained it to Tippy as clearly as possible.
"Is it difficult to go today?"
"Yeah ... for now"
"If so, you should go through it."
"……bottom?"
"Yeah, I'm going to go to the ground."
"Yeah, Chika. If it's Chika, no one can find it."
"Underground ... Underground ... But how?"
"You just have to go inside and leave the town as it is."
……So that's it.
Certainly then you would be able to go to church without anyone finding it.
"It's a good idea, Tippy! It's amazing, Tippy is."
"Ehehe ... I was praised by Ray."
"But where is the manhole in the town?"
"Hmm ... Ray, come over here"
Tippy takes my hand and guides me to the bookshelf.
I came to the front of a certain bookshelf without any hesitation.
"That book"
Pick up the book that Tippy points to and open the inside.
Inside was a map of the location of the manhole in the town and its underground waterway.
"Wow, Tippy! With this, you can go to church without any problems."
"Thank you ... Ray"
Tippy rejoices when he strokes his head and squints his eyes.
"Okay, Tippy. I'm leaving right away."
"Yeah ... but wait. I want to, so just a little--wait?"
"yep, OK"
"Thank you, Ray"
After bowing, Tippy disappeared into the back room.
Tippy told me that there was no problem, but I'm worried that I'm still conscious.
It may be that Ningen shot not a bullet-laden gun, but a weapon that robbed him of his freedom.
Once you know the cause, you can know how to deal with it.
Is the unknown situation so terrifying?
"Rei, see you again.-What's wrong?"
Tippy is back from the back room.
"No, nothing. I was a little worried about Shiona."
Pretending to be as calm as possible, I replied.
"So what do you bring?"
Tippy, who had been preparing, had a big bag.
"With a stuffed animal ... Really ... Kureyon"
"That's right. It's important."
"And ... dad and mom's shashin"
Sadly Tippy says.
A photo of her parents that she will never come back.
I don't understand Tippy's feelings looking at the picture.
"Well, what about this?"
Apart from the big bag, Tippy was holding a thin but solid metal bag in his hand. I think it's a little too rugged for a petite Tippy to have.
"This is ... I'll talk about it later. Let's go, Ray."
"Ah, yeah ..."
She carries Shiona lying on her floor with Tippy's help. Mysteriously, she didn't feel the weight.
"I'm ready, Tippy"
"Yeah, that's ... goodbye"
Tippy said goodbye to the myriad bookshelves.
The voice sounded sad somewhere.
I haven't been able to heal this girl's sadness at all yet.
But I didn't give up.
I'll be with you forever.
It's okay to spend it little by little while spending time together.
I want to heal Tippy's sadness.
And one day, I want Tippy to have a smile from her heart.
That was my secret wish now.
"Let's go"
"--Yes"
Still, Tippy followed me without vomiting a single soft tone.
By the time we got to the church, we were pretty exhausted.
There is no sign of human beings around.
We look around carefully and step into the church.
The chapel was quiet.
It's as if the turmoil in this town is a lie.
I found a music box on the altar in the back of the chapel.
Did Shiona listen to that tone here?
The sound of my shoes heading for the music box echoes in the chapel.
Approach the altar and reach for the music box.
When I turned the handle as it was, the melody overflowed from the inside.
The melody warms the depths of his chest somewhere.
--Suddenly, I heard a singing voice.
It was heard from my back.
"welcome home"
Shiona said so and got off my back.
"That's okay. Is there anything that hurts? Tippy said it's okay ..."
"Yeah, it looks okay"
Shiona smiles to reassure her. And she saw Tippy, who was next to her.
"Tipii-chan ... has come too."
"Yes--"
As usual, sadly-and with a face prepared for something, Tippy nodded.
"Shiona ..."
Tippy turned his palm toward Shiona and controlled his words.
"I understand ... I understand!"
Shiona looks down so that she can endure something.
"--Shiona"
On the other hand, Tippy is kind ...
That was a surprising word. Shiona holds her breath and stares at Tippy's little eyes.
"While I was with Rei, I found out. What Shiona is trying to do."
"But then--"
"I came here because of that. I can't have a library anymore .... Maybe this town too."
"I'm sorry Tippy-chan ..."
"It's okay. I don't have Shiona, it's okay."
Tippy said, gently hugging Shiona on her knees and jumping into Tippy's chest.
It was as if Tippy had the illusion of being more like an older sister.
"Ray, what are you going to do now?"
Tippy tells me that I'm in a hurry to return to myself.
"If Shiona looks okay, I want to help the townspeople, especially those who have been dismissed."
"Shobun?"
"Ah……"
It was terrible ... A word that does not see the same Ningen as Ningen.
"Can Ray do it?"
"I don't know-still, I can't just keep silent about someone who's about to be killed in front of me."
"But Ray is dangerous."
"Yeah, I know that ..."
Those who are willing to point their guns are the opponents. I can't do anything when I challenge myself head-on.
I'm sure it won't even be discussed.
"I promise. If it's even a little dangerous, I'll definitely turn back."
"Absolutely. If Ray gets injured-everything will be irreplaceable."
"Yeah. I can't leave Shiona."
"Ray ..."
"Shiona--"
In one word, we left as if the magnets repelled.
"I'm sorry! I didn't forget about Tippy-chan!"
"Only Shiona is sly ..."
Tippy says that with a slight point in his mouth.
"I'm sorry, Tippy. I didn't mean to do that ..."
While apologizing to me, I gently stroke Tippy's head.
"Muu ... it's different ..."
That being said, Tippy's expression wasn't too rough.
Shiona laughs at that, and then I and Tippy smile.
In this way, we laughed at each other.
Three people hold hands without anyone.
Hold each other's hands firmly so that they never leave.
And before that determination is shaken, I declare.
"Let's continue to be three people. Forever--"
But, like laughing at me ...
In the distance, footsteps echoed.
Shiona's smile is stiff, and Tippy's smile is stiff.
I'm sure I'm strong too.
All the townspeople have been caught.
Then, what are you heading to this church now?
No doubt, it's Ningen.
I was the first to move. Look out the window so that you never make a noise.
There is only one figure. However, I don't know how many people will come after that.
"Shiona, Tippy, to the back of the chapel. Bend over as much as possible so that you can't see from the outside."
"It's okay, but I think it's better to lock the door first."
"No, then you'll definitely be called for support. Then we won't win."
I want to neutralize the human beings without making noise as much as possible.
If there is only one person, I think I can do something about it. If you are two, you can do something by surprise attack.
But if there are three or more-I didn't tell Shiona or Tippy, but I was going to catch one.
Keep your footsteps behind and stand behind the door. Meanwhile, the footsteps are getting closer and closer.
The number is one. So far there is nothing to follow.
"... Suu ..."
I took a deep breath quietly and decided to prepare.
He holds his breath. The footsteps are-just around the corner.
The door opened slowly.
Then a man with a pistol slowly comes in.
--Still!
Seta, I swung his arm down from the blind spot.
Immediately I kicked the pistol that had fallen to the floor.
At the same time, he also sets up a foot sweep, but as expected it is avoided.
It's still a close distance to each other.
You probably own a weapon other than a gun.
Then, if you aim at the moment when you reach for it and jump, you will make a emptiness.
However, the man quietly bends his neck and looks at me.
"What are you going to do?"
He asks with a voice without intonation.
"Why are you hostile to us? Are you the owner of this town?"
"Owner? I just want to do something for the people of this town."
"It's like a Philoid."
"... What if ... That's why I exist."
As I say, I take off the gloves on his right hand and show off my mechanical hand.
It's not a good idea to interact head-on with me, who has a mechanical body.
If you think so, it may pull you.
Now it's okay if you can secure the safety of Shiona and Tippy. Even if they find out what I am, I will protect what I want to protect.
That is my role as Philoid.
The man shook his head again at my actions.
"What are you talking about? You can't take any fighting action against Philoid, because it's designed to obey orders so you can't go against Ningen."
"Huh?"
"In any case, you are a non-conforming person trapped in old-fashioned ideas. Eliminate them before they become a sword."
The tip is drawn straight toward his throat.
I grab the blade of the knife with the right hand of the machine. And he makes a big twist with all his might.
With that alone, the blade of the knife broke sharply from the root.
Put the weight of the whole body as it is and push down the opponent. Place the elbow of his left arm on the opponent's throat and seal both feet with these knees.
"Ray!"
Shiona jumped out from the back of the room.
I said, holding her opponent's throat back with my left hand and swinging up my bare metal right hand.
A metal arm that also folds a knife. If you swing it down to his head with all your might, it will not be safe.
"Ray, stop"
Shiona begs with a quivering voice.
--but.
While biting his back teeth, I shook his right hand down with all my strength.
My right hand was halfway down.
Not on the man's head, but on the floor next to him.
"Why keep it alive? Given our safety, killing me is the right choice."
The man said so, with no expression.
"That's not the case. It's the wrong choice to kill for whatever reason."
"It's hard to do. It's too inefficient thinking."
"I will take you hostage, and release the townspeople."
Grab the opponent's collar and raise it.
"That's meaningless. My life isn't worth it. There's no reason to spare if dying now opens up the future of my compatriots."
The man took something out of his pocket without changing his voice at all.
It was an old-fashioned bomb. At the same time as I pulled out his safety pin, I grabbed my arm.
"Now!"
He pulls his arm at once, but he doesn't frighten.
I'm horrified.
Why doesn't this human have emotions on his face, even at this moment when he's trying to kill himself.
It was as if I was tied to his body with the color of my invisible eyes.
──No! If you stopped thinking, it was over!
I instantly switch his head and start analyzing the situation.
The man has a really small bomb, about the size of a small fruit.
However, as long as it is a bomb, it will be deadly, and above all, the sound of the bomb may be noticed by the humans sitting in the town.
When and when will it explode?
The other party will self-destruct. Certainly I don't have much time.
But what should I do? If the scale of the explosion is large, the hidden Shionas will also be damaged.
It's impossible to nullify this bomb, so how to minimize its effect?
I reflexively hug a man. He's like sandwiching a bomb.
This may at least protect the Shionas from the blast. The choice that may be incomplete, but seems to be the best.
At least two people ──
The next moment, a shock came.
From the side. It's like being smashed ... No, no, it was smashed!
While rolling on the floor, look at the original place.
There was Shiona with a bomb.
"Shiona!"
"Lie down!"
The bomb she was holding burst with a strong light and noise.
Perhaps the reason the explosion wasn't that big was because it was a type of bomb that wasn't intended for killing.
Even so, I was at a close distance, and I was dizzy because of the blast and the sound.
Ningen, who was also at close range, is faint.
"Shiona!"
I shouted in the swaying field of view.
Please, please be safe.
"Shiona !?"
"... Ray ..."
"Shio ... na ..."
"Shiona, get medical treatment right away!"
I felt that the distance of a few steps was very long.
He walks up to Shiona, tapping his staggering legs.
So I saw it.
"what's this……"
When I saw Shiona, I was disappointed.
Her right arm thrown to her floor ... beyond her wrist ... metallic--frame?
Not a bone. Absolutely not. It's clearly different from that of humans.
And-no.
strange.
There was nothing that should have been there.
Red.
It's a testimony of humans.
"Well ... why ... why"
"But ..."
I clench the right hand of my machine, which is covered with his gloves.
Yes, if they are the same ... I wish they were the same ...
"Shiona, that ... is it okay?"
"Yeah, if it's about this"
Isn't that the case?
That's why it can't be.
I got an explosion at such a close distance.
It shouldn't be okay.
It must be so painful that I can't help but shed tears.
Nevertheless.
But why?
"More than me ... Ray, head"
I followed Shiona's gaze and put my hand on his head.
--Oh, why?
Why do I have what Shiona needs?
I don't need this.
I don't need this kind of thing, so please be with Shiona.
No, it should have been.
Shiona touches my head and says.
"I'm bleeding, are you okay?"
Blood was flowing from my head.
red.
It's red blood.
It doesn't flow to Philoid ...
In contrast, even a drop of blood was not flowing from Shiona's arm.
Instead, you can see the exposed mechanical parts.
This means only one thing.
that is--.
"... Rei? It's a big deal, but it's okay-Shiona !? Rei !?"
Tippy came out from the back and screamed.
With an uneasy expression, he has a lot of tears in his eyes.
"Both of us have to heal our injuries ...!"
"It's okay ... I'm okay ..."
I gently embrace Tippy, who is about to cause a depression.
Tippy was hugged and spread a little relief on my face in my chest.
But it's unstable.
It's about to collapse at any moment, and it hurts the back of his chest when I see it.
"Ray ... what should I do, I can't stay here anymore ..."
With a quivering voice, Tippy says. Shiona nods to it.
Certainly, with the explosion sound just before, other humans will definitely come.
I had a lot to ask.
There were many things I wanted to confirm.
But now I swallow it.
"... Let's go, let's leave the town"
We left the church with a minimum of luggage.
Then, following Tippy's instructions, he used the back streets of the town and escaped to the outside, aiming for an abandoned factory.
I am reminded there too ...
I was the only one who had a heavy footstep due to fatigue.
Led by Tippy, Shiona pulls her hand and keeps walking.
After arriving at the abandoned factory, I finally sat down on the ground.
Next to Shiona, who has a cool face, she takes a rough breath.
"Tipy, come with water"
The little girl glanced at Shiona and then disappeared into the abandoned factory.
She probably entrusted Shiona with all her explanations.
"... Shiona"
Shiona smiles back to my voice as if she was a little embarrassed.
"I think you've noticed, I ... yeah. All the people living in this town are Philoid."
That was ... I was trying to look away.
I had a premonition ... I felt uncomfortable ... but I didn't want to admit it ...
"So ... am I'Ningen'?"
When my head was injured, red liquid was leaking from the injured area.
It was very similar to the "blood" flowing in the human body.
Philoid doesn't carry such a liquid, so it can't flow.
"I've always misunderstood because I have a mechanical arm ... it's a medical artificial part that makes up for the limbs I lost in an accident."
"That ... then I really ..."
"Yes, you are Ningen. We are the creators and partners of Philoid. That is you. All the people in the town are Philoid. You were the only human."
"Really……"
I stare at his gloved machine's right hand and squeeze it weakly.
He was the exact opposite of what he had been thinking about ...
Shiona is Philoid ... I'm Ningen ...
――In other words, I am Ningen, who I hate.
I felt something deep inside his chest.
That feeling is painful.
Sad.
I'm annoyed.
He was the same person who was cold, ruthless, and seemed only evil.
I couldn't help but my chest became painful.
I get angry at the fact that I can't change it.
The man I was dealing with was right.
I was Ningen, not Philoid.
And those of the ruler Ningen are trying to do terrible things to the ruled townspeople of Philoid-no, they're probably already.
Why did this happen?
I just wanted to live with Shiona and the townspeople.
He just wanted to make everyone happy.
But, but--.
I can't do that.
That's because I'm Ningen.
That's because I'm a companion to a creature that can't be helped.
He felt warmth in his fist, which he had unknowingly clasped.
When I looked down at him, Shiona's hands were piled up there.
The temperature is artificial.
But it didn't matter to me.
……warm.
That alone diminishes the emotions that put a strain on my heart.
But at the same time, it highlights my own personality.
I wonder if I have the qualifications for her kindness.
"Do you want to know more about you?"
Shiona said to me with her smile.
"Are you guys Ningen?"
"Yes, Ningen. Want to know about our partner?"
If you can know, I want to know.
So I nodded.
"I want to know ... I want to know why we did this."
"Does Ray remember Tippy's painting in the library?"
"Oh, I remember ..."
"That picture, Tippy draws every day. Every day, every day, at any time, one piece a day."
I close his eyelids and remember that scene.
There were dozens or hundreds of those paintings drawn with crayons.
"How many sheets do you think there are?"
"I don't know ... If Tippy was also Philoid, she would have been drawing for years ... there are about a thousand."
"86,671 sheets"
"80,000--"
Again, strong dizziness struck me. But it wasn't due to the previous explosion or the subsequent bleeding.
Did Tippy spend such a long time alone in the dark library?
She should have had few people coming to that library.
It must have been a lonely day.
Given the time Tippy spent there, she was afraid that she would lose her foothold.
Tippy has endured it.
She has that little body.
"A few decades ago, we, Philoid, were born. Ningen and others wanted us--"
Shiona taught Philoid's history to sing her.
First of all, Philoid is an android that has reached the practical stage, and is equipped with the emotions of humans.
Basic information on emotions is installed from the beginning, and a system that learns new emotions after that is adopted by an independent thinking circuit.
Including that, it can be said that it is as close to Ningen as possible.
Therefore, it could be as close as possible to Ningen not only in work but also in life.
Eventually, companies with bespoke emotions and memories will appear, and an unprecedented Philoid boom will come.
The time has come for families who cannot have children to buy children's Philoids, and those who have lost their parents or children to order Philoids with that memory.
In a blink of an eye, the number of phylloids increased, producing comparable numbers to the human population in just over a dozen years.
Among them, the most epoch-making one was Philoid, which was equipped with the most complicated emotion of human beings called "love".
It had the ability to be a life companion.
You can get a loved one without going through the process of love, and that love is guaranteed semi-permanently.
The demand in the society where late marriage has progressed and the number of humans who prioritize work over romance has increased was great, and it was accepted with applause.
However, no children were born in the family who married Philoid, which spurred the declining birthrate.
And the declining birthrate creates a shortage of marriage partners, and also creates a loop in which the marriage relationship with Philoid increases.
"And one day I forgot about humans. How to grow love."
Shiona laughed sadly.
"Ningen's children are now artificially created using science, but the lost humans couldn't teach their newborns love."
Love was the cause of all emotions.
Because I have love, I feel the joy of interacting with someone.
Because I have love, I feel angry when I know what I want to protect and get hurt.
Because I have love, I feel sad when I lose something important.
Because I have love ... I share the same feelings, share, and know the fun.
But ── ……, I forgot it.
The humans who came to the town are probably such "humans".
Ningen, who has forgotten his "emotions" with love, has even lost his compassion for others.
Ningen no longer needs love, and the presence of emotional Philoids has become sparse.
When thinking about improving the efficiency of actions, there is too much waste ...
Ningen and others soon began to think that Philoid should be a machine.
Dare to go into a harsh environment ... Dangerous work ... Abuse that exceeds the specifications limit ...
However, there were some humans who didn't like it.
Ningen who left the feeling of love appeals. Philoid is a partner.
The world was divided into two.
Ningen with love and Ningen without.
And the Ningen who do not have it conclude.
If the ideas of the old generation are stupid, they should be annihilated ...
I didn't even hesitate to press the button for a weapon that burns the earth.
Everything else was quick.
Retaliation called for retaliation, and it took less than five days for the world to be enveloped in flames and ashes.
The polluted land of poison, the black clouds that block the sunlight, and the sea that cannot moisten lives.
The history of Ningen will end with its own hands ....
It was a stupid choice too.
"We were born for Ningen and robbed us of what is most important to Ningen."
"That's not the case ... the bad thing is that we're all humans ..."
"But there were a lot of humans who survived. No matter how tattered the world is, life will not stop."
I can't find a word to return to Shiona who gently calls out to me.
"... Kohon, uh, uh, uh"
Suddenly, Shiona started vocal practice.
And she said she was heading straight in front of me.
"Nice to meet you. I am MODA-117 Alice mk-17 made by Aso International. Have you registered as a user? If you have registered, please decide my individual name. It is the first name that can be given to me. Please be careful. Please! "
――She was surprised.
I've never seen it before ... but it's the first time I've seen Shiona so bright and innocent.
"I was surprised?"
Going back as usual, Shiona asks.
"No……"
"Now is the oldest memory I have"
I wonder when it was. I can't imagine it.
"At that time, every day was like a feast ... it was very lively."
With that said, Shiona showed me a newspaper clipping and a piece of paper that seemed to me.
"The world-famous musician is gone"
The photo on it is the same as the one in the photo frame in Shiona's room.
He had a face similar to me.
"This is ... brother?"
"Yes, this story is a long time ago .... I'm the latest model of the Philoids that were manufactured. I wonder if it was the 5th generation."
What about Shiona's feelings of expressing herself as "manufactured"?
Philoid has the same emotions as Ningen.
In other words, it's the same as Ningen.
Is it so easy to divide?
"My generation was the first model to have the concept of human'death'. To get as close to Ningen as possible. But models before me didn't have it ... Mad and Tippy. That's right. Neither of them can understand "death". It's useless to explain. The day to understand forever will not come. "
To keep waiting without knowing death.
It's hope, but it's never rewarded.
Despair named hope.
You can hit it unconditionally.
If you can find such a thing, I think it would be better if you taught me despair from the beginning.
I thought that was better.
"Tipy-chan was an earlier model ... It must have been a second-generation Philoid. Until the second generation, energy cannot be extracted from food. That's why it's powered by electricity. There is a limit. I have that teddy bear as an auxiliary battery. "
In retrospect, Tippy always had a stuffed animal in his hand whenever he moved somewhere.
She didn't realize it was a battery at all.
But that made me happy.
Tippy has been in that library all the time.
That library has the only power generation system in town.
Tippy stayed there to keep her working.
"Tipie's parents died a long time ago. Maybe more than 200 years ago. But Tippy, who has no concept of death, is waiting. I'm alone all the time."
What a miserable story!
I don't know Philoid's lifespan, but Tippy has spent hundreds of years doing so.
While shedding tears every day.
A future that shouldn't come ── …… I'm trapped in hope that won't come true.
At that library alone.
It looks like there is a lead ball in the back of her chest.
It's painful and painful.
But the more I think about it, the deeper it falls into me.
"But it's hard to know."
And Shiona is aware of her death. In other words, she can't even hope to see her again.
"Rei is watching Mad-san collapse at a grocery store, right?"
"Yeah ... it was weird. It was as if only the soul had fallen out without any trauma."
I understand now. Mad at that time was already broken.
"But we have to live this way. Death for us-until the day it breaks. For us who are not sick, it's the same time forever. That's why we try to be humans. If you don't do that, you'll be too sad, right? Taking over the work that your partner was doing, or taking over the work of the position that was gone ... Don't let this world that Ningen was spinning never stop. "
Mad ran a general store.
There were various shops in the photo shop, bar, and town.
It was all the work of Philoid.
It was the efforts of Philoids to protect the world of humans.
It was the last hope of the Philoids left behind.
"When Ningen returns someday, we spend every day so that we can talk about the world of that fun time and return it."
Shiona laughed.
Feelings that are never suitable for the current situation.
With her smile, Shiona she was protecting herself.
I looked sad with that smile.
"... But we, Philoid, are also flawed. If something is unbearably painful, only some emotions will come forward. I'm like this, and Mad is always angry. And Tippy is always sad. "
But, Shiona continued.
"It's our last bastion. If even that emotion disappears, we'll break ... we'll die."
"Then, Mad-san when Shiona was shot--"
"Yes. I haven't gone on a trip. After Ray finished showing the movie, Mad was scared-yes, he was stuck."
"Then, what closed the shop-Shiona?"
"Yeah. Otherwise, the townspeople thought Ray had doubts anyway. In fact, wasn't it?"
"Well, that's right ..."
Had the store been open over there, I would definitely have entered the store and found Mad, who had stopped working.
Without the humans, I wouldn't have noticed it all the time.
In the end, it was decided that it wasn't my mistake.
I didn't want to believe it, but that was the case.
"My brother said,'Emotion is a piece of the puzzle of life.' The piece of emotion connects life. If the emotion is lacking, all the pieces will collapse. It's a human. And Philoid are the same. Mad broke because his feelings of anger at his son were scattered. "
If so, I was the one who killed Mad.
I found a playback device without permission and showed Mad a movie of his son without permission.
If it hadn't been for that, Mad would have been working without breaking.
Perhaps because of my feelings, Shiona turned to the left side of me and put my hands on it.
"It's okay, it's not Ray's fault. Sooner or later we're destined to be that. It's the same as Ningen can't escape death. Mad was surely happy. Finally, his son's true intentions. I can know "
"Maybe, but--"
Feelings that cannot be done are solicited.
If I knew it at that time-I would have stopped it by force.
"It's kind, Ray is--"
"That's not true……"
Shiona stood next to me.
I can't see Shiona's expression.
Anxiety slams my chest from the inside.
"Even if I knew it, I would hope. I wonder if that smile will be seen again someday."
Shiona smiles sadly as she looks down at her brother's photo.
"That's why I was so happy when I first met Rei. Oh, it was a dream. My brother was alive."
That he will die.
It was painful, both knowing and not knowing.
Made to be good for Ningen, forced on the family, and left with only the pain of death.
Selfish and the worst.
That was us, Ningen.
"Tipy feels the loneliness of losing her family, so if she behaves like a family, she'dies'. That doesn't mean I don't want Ray to say that. We, Philoids, have a rule that we shouldn't say or act "to realize that we are Philoids" because it destroys Ningen's dream. But I overdo it ... I'm sorry. "
When Shiona bows her head, her sweet scent flutters.
Certainly what Shiona did would not be forgiven.
But when she thinks of Shiona, it's clear that she's the most appropriate way to do it.
"It can't be helped. Shiona just kept the rules, she's not bad."
This way she forgives someone and someone is forgiven.
Apologize, apologize.
Crying, angry, laughing.
That's Ningen.
The Philoids knew it best.
"Thank you for talking to me, Shiona. For me, Ningen, please do so well--"
I'm sorry as Ningen.
I'm imitating the Philoids who are doing so much, as if to give back their grace.
While doing this, Ningen may be "disposal" of Philoid in the town.
And Philoid wouldn't be able to resist it.
Thinking so, I couldn't hide the pain in the back of her chest.
Shiona gently stretched her arms and hugged me.
Warm warmth wraps me around.
"It's not natural. Ningen and Philoid have always been partners. That's what the future holds."
I felt that there was an emotion that I didn't understand until the end.
It's warm, wide, deep, strong, gentle, soft, big and precious.
Ningen has lost a lot.
But they remembered what Ningen had forgotten.
Years, decades, hundreds of years.
Although they endured loneliness, they continued to protect them.
I inherited it and felt that I had to protect it in the same way.
It's not a duty or an order.
It was what I wanted.
"I have a beautiful water right now."
Sharing her temperature with Shiona, he was called by Tippy from behind.
I became embarrassed for some reason, and I took a long distance from Shiona.
The warmth that was in contact with the skin is being struck by the air.
But soon the gap was filled with new warmth.
When I saw it, Tippy was in between me and Shiona.
"Tipy also-tightly"
Shiona and I looked at each other.
Shiona seems to leave her judgment to me.
Tippy has lived in loneliness for 200 years.
If left as it is, Tippy will be able to live semi-permanently without breaking.
But is it happy?
Is an empty life worth it?
I hugged Shiona.
Every Tippy who stood in between.
Shiona also hugs me in the same way.
Tippy hugs us both and mutters a little.
"hot……"
It's the warmth for the first time in 200 years.
Tippy has been waiting for such a trivial thing for 200 years.
It's a very sad time ...
If I can give you the warmth of 200 years, I definitely want to give it to Tippy.
That way, I feel like Tippy's waiting time isn't wasted.
"What are you going to do now, Ray?"
Shiona asks me while holding Tippy from her back.
"If I can ... I want to help everyone in the town ... I think it's impossible now."
I'm sorry to the townspeople, but I don't have the power.
First of all, I want to solidify the safety of Shiona and Tippy.
"It's a little far, but let's go to the factory where I woke up."
No, it wasn't a factory there.
A world where people have become uninhabitable due to the war, a facility that keeps sleeping until the polluted land becomes even a little better.
I ... I was a little late in waking up.
"There was still electricity going on. I and Shiona can take it orally, so if I had food I brought out of town, I could do it, but in the case of Tippy, I had to recharge it."
"Shiona ..."
You may have noticed it only with the current words. Tippy screamed.
"Yeah, that's right .... I'm sorry."
"Yeah. I thought I had to get it all together."
Somehow sad, yet with a slightly stiff look, Tippy continues.
"Tipii also has to do what Tippy can do ... in the meantime."
"... Tippy-chan?"
Shiona asks Tippy, maybe something has caught her.
"Let's survive with three people"
That was a misleading word.
There is no guarantee.
Still, I could only continue that word.
"We will survive all the time with three people."
It was just an ideal.
I know that the world is not so sweet that I can live on my ideals alone.
Of course, so is Shiona.
Still, Shiona doesn't ask me any questions.
Anxiety and dissatisfaction.
He sealed all those words.
I'm sure they were full in my heart.
In fact, those feelings were overrun in my heart.
It's still necessary.
The words of hope.
"……Yes"
Shiona nodded and hugged me and Tippy more strongly.
In this way, we started our journey toward the facility.
"This is the town ..."
Witnessing the wilderness, Tippy hugs a teddy bear in his chest.
"Is it different from the scenery that Tippy knows?"
"Yeah. When I saw it before, there was a way, there was a forest, and then-then-"
The scenery that Tippy talked about was a larger scale of the festival-like days that Shiona talked about.
At that time, Ningen seemed to be free to control not only the town but also nature, Philoid, and even the weather.
"Then ... by the time I started working, humans had begun to decline ..."
Shiona looks a little lonely. The hem of her clothes is greatly blown by the wind mixed with dust.
"Let's go!"
With a little food and a spare battery for Tippy, we set out in the wilderness to survive.
And above all, to survive.
Get up, get up, survive.
Struggle, struggle, live.
If you are alive, that's all you need.
It was worth it just to be alive.
I thought so from the bottom of my heart.
Using the position of the sun, which can be faintly felt through the dim clouds, as a landmark, I walk while searching for my memory.
As the sun went down and the temperature dropped, the three of us fell asleep with their shoulders snuggling up.
Sometimes singing songs, sometimes encouraging each other, sometimes playing ...
Continue the journey that is not just painful.
It was about three days later, when the sun began to set, that I crossed the reddish-brown land and arrived at my destination.
"The building is half buried in the sand ... I can't find it. I don't think there was still such equipment ..."
When we get inside, the lights are faintly lit, and the air conditioner operates with a faint noise from somewhere.
The inside of the room didn't change when I woke up. For the time being, put away all the parts of Philoid that would be unpleasant for Shiona and Tippy.
I'm sure these Philoids protected us humans who were in cold sleep.
"Yeah, I'm sorry"
Tippy rushed out and quickly sat down on the sofa he had set up.
As soon as I sit down, my body slowly loses power.
Apparently it was overwhelming.
"... Somehow, it's cold here."
"Because it was originally a facility for cold sleep."
Even though it's indoors, it's a little colder than outside.
I think that the fact that the air conditioner has moved means that the function of raising the temperature inside the facility still remains.
But I don't know where it is.
"I hope it's also a heater ..."
"You can do this. Rei, sit next to Tippy-chan."
"shell?"
"Get closer!"
"This is this?"
When I was in a position that was almost in close contact with Tippy and I asked, Shiona looked happy.
"Yeah, this is okay!"
She sat on the other side of the side where she was in close contact with Tippy.
――Like me and Tippy, stick tightly.
"See, this is warm, isn't it?"
"Uh, yeah ... that's right."
Certainly warm. It's warm, but ...
"How? Tippy-chan. Is it still cold?"
"Hmm ... warm"
Tippy squints her eyes and snuggles up to my arm.
"Warm? Yes, I'm glad."
"Yeah, it's warm ... it's really warm, Ray. It's like ..."
"What's wrong?"
"When you do this, it looks like a family."
“…………”
"Tipie's dad and mom often slammed Tippy like this."
"Yeah. It's like that time, it's warm."
"... That's right, it's warm."
"... Hey, do you want to come again?
I almost hugged myself, but I felt Shiona's sad gaze and stopped.
"Tipy-chan, you can't do that"
"Why? Can't you be tight?"
"Yes, that's right, because Tippy-chan, we're not a family."
"It's not a family ... Tippy, are you alone?"
"Yes. No matter how much we are together, we are alone. It cannot be changed."
If you pick up only the words, it's a cold thing as if you hate Tippy.
But now I know.
The words are full of kindness.
The only remaining emotion in Tippy.
--sorrow.
Filling Tippy's heart means freeing her from sadness ....
In other words, it is equivalent to dying.
Until now, I was hugging Tippy without thinking about anything.
But it may have been too cruel kindness.
No, maybe it wasn't even kindness.
It was just an act of self-satisfaction that shortened Tippy's life.
Shiona has endured all the time.
To protect Tippy's feelings of sadness ... Above all, to protect Tippy.
I really wanted to hug you.
I would have wanted to stroke his head and give him a gentle word.
I would have wanted to give him a smile that turned his heart orange.
She endured all the time without she reaching out to this blue girl.
So I thought I had to endure it too.
Though he thought so, he couldn't stop.
I just couldn't leave this sad-looking girl in front of her.
He hugged Tippy with Shiona, who was ahead of her.
The back of her eyes gets hot.
She asks herself why she can't stop, even though she knows this is an act that shortens Tippy's life.
Isn't she just temporarily satisfying her desires?
After all, I'm Ningen ...
It's a selfish, self-interested, self-interesting human being that hurt people.
I hugged them so painfully.
I embraced the warmth of two people.
We approached the warmth to fill the gap of 200 years.
The warmth of three people does not make you feel the cold even in the cold equipment.
It was so warm.
The melody naturally spilled from Shiona's mouth.
That song made by my brother.
The melody illuminates the warmth in the back of my chest.
A gentle singing voice echoes in the factory.
"Tipy, I love Shiona's song."
Tippy buries his face in my chest and says.
She said, "I remember when my dad and mom were there ... it's kind of unstoppable."
A girl who repeats sadness.
Tippy has been repeating her sorrow for 200 years.
I may not be able to wipe out the sadness of 200 years.
However, I can give you a momentary warmth.
I decided to embrace them for 200 years in this fleeting warmth.
But that modest time didn't last long.
"That ... Tippy?"
Look at Tippy sitting on the sofa.
There was Tippy staring forward as if in love.
"What's wrong? Is it bad?"
"Hmm? ... Hmm ..."
Apparently I'm not feeling well.
Is it because I was released from the tension or because I walked for a long time?
Either way, I think I need a rest.
"It looks like Tippy is tired, so maybe I'll take a rest today."
"……No"
There is a reply one tempo later. She seems to have been thinking about something.
"Rei, Tippy-chan, maybe you're running out of energy, so maybe you're distracted."
"Well ... then I have to replenish the electricity.-Well, how do I do that?"
"It's non-contact charging. The charging equipment should be the same, so first you have to find a connector and store it in the teddy bear."
"Okay. If you find something like that, I'll ask for confirmation."
"Leave it to me"
Leaving Tippy on the couch, I'll check what's inside her equipment.
A lot of cold sleep devices are lined up. Look for the one that is still leaking cold air.
Then I opened the maintenance lid at the base and examined some of the cables connected to the switchboard.
Shortly after, I discovered something like an energizing connector connected to a thick cable.
"Yeah, this type is okay. Borrow a Tippy-chan stuffed animal."
When Shiona borrows a teddy bear from Tippy, she opens the zipper on her back and exposes the connection terminals.
She plugged the charging connector into it and the bear's eyes flashed twice.
Perhaps that was the signal to start charging, Shiona exhaled.
Tippy also squeezes the bear's hand tightly. I think that the power will be transmitted only by that, and the light in her eyes has become stronger.
"Shiona, let's eat ourselves too"
When she was looking for a charging cable, she showed the oral block she found.
The same thing she found when she left this facility.
"The taste isn't comparable to Shiona's soup, but I think it's nutritious."
"Yeah, I'm happy because I'm hungry. Just because I can eat, my chest feels warm."
I line up the portable plates and line up the oral blocks on top of them.
I thought it would look like a meal.
At times like this, I want to cherish my daily life even in the smallest of things.
In that town ── I wanted to trace what I was doing at Shiona's house.
"It looks tasty"
Shiona smiled as if to capture my wish.
The two of us put our hands together in front of the meal.
Tippy, who was watching the situation, came near us.
And when I put the teddy bear in front of him, he showed me his hands together like us.
"Toro's Friend"
"Tipy-chan ...?"
"Haha, Tippy looks like a great feast. It's very gorgeous."
Tippy looked shy and shy.
It was a relaxing time in the last few days, which had been painful.
I'm sure in the distant past, we, Ningen, must have lived this kind of life with our partners, Philoid.
No, it should still be a life that can be regained.
As I was taught by them, I should be able to regain the time I had forgotten.
I was thinking about that while carrying the oral block left on the plate to my mouth.
──It was then.
"warning. The wear rate of the main battery is over 90%. Please replace and maintain the battery as soon as possible. "
Suddenly in a clerical tone, Tippy said that.
"Request a replacement online with the service center-the service center is offline. Try again. --The service center is offline. Try again. --The service center is offline. I will try again ... ”
"Shiona, this is--!"
"I don't know the details, but Tippy's battery can't be charged."
"I can't charge ..."
Did the voltage differ? No, it shouldn't be a problem because it's through a teddy bear.
Then, is there a problem with the battery itself?
If there is a possibility ... Is it aged deterioration? If you think about it, it's a battery that has been in operation for over 200 years.
It's not strange that it's exhausted.
"Maybe I need a new battery ..."
"A new battery ... and Tippy's generation couldn't be replaced without a professional engineer disassembling it ...!"
"That ..."
Cold sweat is transmitted to my back.
In other words, Tippy is still inactive-no, will he die?
"That's how I came here ...!"
"Okay ... I knew it."
We can only stare at Tippy's voice, which has returned to his usual tone, as if he had been hit by lightning.
"Tipy-chan, you know this might happen--"
"Yeah ... I thought this would happen from the time I left the library, because I had noticed that the battery charge rate had dropped since 6427 days ago."
With a weak smile, Tippy replies.
"More than that, Tippy has to do what Tippy can do ... Ray, can you bring the metal bag that Tippy had?"
"Wow, I understand!"
A slim but somewhat rugged metal bag that Tippy has had since he left the library. Hold it heavier than expected and bring it in front of Tippy.
Tippy casually puts one hand in the middle of the bag. With that alone, the two keys on the side of the handle were automatically unlocked.
-There was a black board inside. Is it about the size of a slightly larger book? However, it is much thinner than that, and it is only about half of a short picture book.
Tippy carefully took it out with both hands and slowly turned to me.
"Ray. Put your palm here. Not a machine."
"shell?"
As Tippy says, put his non-prosthetic hand on a black board. Then--.
A fluent male voice echoed from the black board.
"Current administrator, Vortex MSK-3737 model name" Dorothy "individual name" Tippy "approves work continuation. Continue registration work."
"confirmed. Please tell me the registration applicant and the name that identifies the individual. "
"Um ... Ray"
"Roger that. We have registered "Ray" as a new administrator. Please receive an oral explanation from the current administrator on how to use it. that's all"
That said, the black board was silent.
"Tipy, now ..."
"All the books in the library, digitized. It's backup data for Tippy's storage area."
A little tired-but with a tone that seems to have done something, Tippy replies.
I remember the many handwritten books that were lined up in the library.
Tippy remembered the letters written there without making any mistakes word by word.
After all, was that book written by Tippy?
Even if he stops someday ... no, he predicts it will stop, so that he can keep a record of prehistoric civilization as a book.
That place wasn't a library. Tippy was the library itself.
"When you use it, just put your hand in the middle of the board, and the tablet-the board will shine. After that, the administrator's voice recognition function will be able to recall all the data ... … ”
"Well then--"
As Tippy tells me, I activate a board called a tablet. As I was told, I left his palm.
"Biometrics confirmation, administrator Ray certified. Which data do you want to load? 』\
"Manual! How to repair Philoid ... Well, how to replace the battery!"
"Start searching ... There are 3,195 items and 124,755 types of information on how to repair Philoid. We recommend narrowing down. ”
"From among them, Vortex MSK-3737 model" Dorothy ""
"Search started ... conditions matched"
The surface of the tablet glows brightly. And the letters emerged.
"It is almost impossible for users to repair. Rest until personnel from the service center arrive. ”
It got dark in front of me.
"How is it working?"
"Oh, it's moving ... but ..."
"The tablet is ... only about enough ... it's moving ..."
It's more than enough time for me, but it's probably not that long for Philoid and the library management system.
"Can I really use it?"
"Rather, use it. From now on ... Tippy will soon be exhausted ..."
"That's not the case! I think Tippy just helped me all the time!"
When I fixed Shiona's music box, when I fixed Mad's projector. All of that was possible because Tippy remembered the library's collection and taught me.
"I'm glad to have Ray say that-use this from now on ..."
Tippy, sitting on the couch, lay down slowly.
"Tipy!"
"Tipy-chan!"
I've been waiting for 200 years.
Don't end it here.
Tippy's small mouth moves up and down.
He seems to be saying something, but his voice is too small to reach my ears.
I brought his ears close to his mouth.
"Hey, Ray ... Tippy, it was fun."
Tippy's hand overlaps with that of me.
It's a small and soft hand.
"Rei is a father and Shiona is a mother ... they are both kind and loved families."
No matter how cold it is, no matter how cold it is, it cannot be completely covered up.
Tippy was aware.
How important we were to Tippy.
From the time he got involved, it was decided that Tippy would be like this.
It can't be helped.
Being alone all the time was the only way Tippy could live.
But that's not the case.
Tippy has emotions.
We are not perfect enough to overlook sadness.
No, it's not perfect.
We are allowed to have emotions because we can feel sadness.
Slowly.
Tippy's eyes are closed as if the handkerchief that had fallen to the surface of the water was sinking.
Even though it's a Philoid created by us, we can't even save it.
You can't do anything else by producing as much as you can.
Ningen is a selfish creature that keeps going.
"Hey, Shiona ..."
Tippy's eyelids slowly opened again. But the light has already disappeared from his eyes. Probably not visible anymore.
"I'm here ... I'm here, Tippy-chan ..."
Shiona's voice was quivering slightly.
"Good ... Hey, Shiona"
"Yes……?"
"Thank you so far. You did your best not to break Tippy."
"As you may have noticed, Tippy has been in operation for more than 200 years ... but it has a useful life of 150 years, so this is not bad for Shiona and Rei. That's ... "
When Tippy left the library and came to church, Shiona was afraid of Tippy, and Tippy forgave it.
That meant that ...
"So please. Shiona, don't cry ... sing ... sing a song ..."
"Yes Yes--!"
"Tipy ... Shiona's song ... I love you"
Shiona started singing a song. Occasionally I'm upset and I'm out of tune. Still, Shiona continued to sing. To that melody.
"Yes ... Gato ..."
Tippy laughed-it just stopped working.
His hands trembled.
Not only that.
My whole body was trembling.
Now, on my lap, another little life has come to an end.
If you ask people, it may not be life.
But for me, it was an irreplaceable life.
Shiona keeps singing quietly.
I'm not crazy anymore. As usual-the song was supposed to have a transparent sound.
It's a melody dedicated to Tippy.
Hot things flow on my cheeks.
It ran down his chin and fell on Tippy's cheek.
Tippy isn't crying, but he looks like he's crying.
I hugged Tippy.
The small body never moves again.
His mouth is no longer vocal.
His hands no longer paint.
That is "death."
Warmth spreads in my head.
Shiona was hugging me.
Immediately his eyes get hot.
This is a spilling emotion. It's an unbearable pain, an uncontrollable sadness ... a tremendous sadness.
I shed "tears" for the first time in my life.
Tears for Tippy.
Since then, our lives have changed drastically.
An e-book reader that contains all the books in the library that Tippy entrusted to me.
Formerly known as a tablet, my knowledge has increased exponentially.
How to make crops, houses that can be made only with stones and mud, how to predict the weather, many animals and plants that can no longer be seen.
Furthermore, a database of newspapers over the past 350 years until the library stopped functioning.
I'm sure you can find out about yourself by doing a search.
"Are Ray studying today?"
"Yeah. There are a lot of things to remember."
"What kind of book are you reading today?"
"Survival-a way to survive in any environment"
The power of the cold sleep facility was not very high. So, if there is, it must be possible to surpass it to some extent with only minute power.
We have already begun to secure drinking water using morning dew and night dew, and the problem of securing drinking water, which was the weakest point of this facility, is being improved considerably.
Yes, from here on, you can't move forward simply by saying things with your physical strength and strength.
What we need from now on is knowledge. With knowledge, a large number of people can stand alone, avoid it without facing it in the first place-or even win.
It may even be possible to help the townspeople.
I absorbed the "power" left by Tippy in a devouring manner.
While I was reading a book, Shiona was singing beside Tippy, who was stuck.
Among the luggage taken out of the town is Shiona's older brother's music box.
Occasionally, instead of singing, she turned her handle to play the gentle melody of the music box.
It was a very calm and relaxing time.
With my current "knowledge", it would be possible to live with Shiona all the time in this place.
So ... I didn't notice.
There is something wrong with Shiona's body ...
"Ray, the food is ready."
As always, Shiona prepares meals with a smile.
Her oral block was dissolved in water to make it look like soup.
It's a lot like the orange fluffy soup that Shiona always made in town.
"Thank you, drinking this soup will make you feel better."
"I'm glad if you say that. My heart turns orange."
"But Shiona's soup is small, right?"
The amount of soup in the bowl is less than half that of me.
"I'm Philoid, so this amount is enough in save mode."
"Is that so?"
"Yeah. So eat Rei well. If you're hungry, you won't feel well, right?"
Oh ... why didn't I notice?
At this time ... her function as a Philoid had already declined ...
It was running only to a sufficient extent with half the amount of energy I had.
As usual, I read a book and Shiona sings a song.
Tracing the surface of the tablet with her fingertips, she wonders if there is a way to free the townspeople.
Suddenly, the rhythm of the song that was flowing comfortably stopped.
She raised her face, wondering what had happened, and Shiona was stuck holding her mouth down.
The music box in her hand is also stopped.
"Shiona ...? What happened?"
"Um ... yeah, nothing. A little song ..."
She said so, suu ... and took her breath.
And she starts singing again, but ──
"... Ah, what was the pitch ..."
"Shio ... na ...?"
"Ah ... it's funny, it's a song I loved so much, but wait a minute, I'll remember it soon ..."
Shiona closed her eyes and she tried many times to sing out of the break.
But the scrutiny that flows out of her mouth is completely different from what I know.
"What's wrong ... I can't remember my brother's song ..."
"Shiona !? There is nothing wrong with your body !?"
I was a fool. After all, he was all about himself.
He was kind to Shiona, cherished, happy with it, and spoiled ... he wasn't thinking about her.
When I left town, I was caught in an explosion that would lose the artificial skin on her arm.
"Shiona! You were really seriously injured at the time of the explosion!"
Shiona thought for a moment and then shook her head.
"That was okay, yeah"
Shiona ── Philoid doesn't lie.
But she thinks of Ningen and hides her words.
She said she was okay, so she wouldn't have been hurt by being involved in the explosion.
She is exactly what she said- "that is".
"... Shiona. Can you show me your upset?"
"……Yes"
Prompted by her, Shiona hesitated only once and then nodded.
She suddenly tried to turn her eyes away with embarrassment, but what was there kept my eyes on me.
Shiona's white and taut chest.
There was a small hole there.
"that is……"
Forgetting that she is a female body, I approach her wounds.
This is a gunshot wound.
She immediately remembers when she was at Mad's store and sheltered me from Ningen.
"I was hit ... I was ..."
"I thought it was okay, but it didn't seem to be the case."
Shiona was like a mischievous child, but without showing any signs of being afraid, she laughed with her tongue out.
She knows it's a smile to keep me from feeling guilty.
She thinks of me until this time.
"... Search! MODEA-117 Alice mk-17 Maintenance Manual!"
The tablet glows faintly in response to my voice.
But Shiona covered the screen with her hands. And slowly shook her head.
Keep smiling.
"It's my body. I know the best."
"But ... there may be some way! If you tell me sooner ..."
──No, there is a reason I didn't say it.
Shiona knew she had a fatal injury that she wouldn't heal.
Where I am, it's a reality that doesn't change.
It's also horrible to put it into words.
The word "death" came to my mind.
No matter how much she doesn't want to think, she comes to her mind.
"I know. I'm about to die. I'm Philoid, so should I say'break'?"
No, Shiona.
You won't break.
I'm dying.
"Ah, I'm a little disappointed, I don't feel any strength in my body ..."
When I thought I had dropped my shoulders, Shiona fell down toward the floor.
"Shiona!"
When I take it in a hurry, he embraces him in a comfortable posture.
I wonder how long it has been like this.
Why didn't I notice ...
"I wonder if it's going to break ... I'm not me ... but I wonder if I can fix it ...?"
"It's okay ... Shiona is Shiona ..."
"Aha ... well, now ... a little scary ..."
"Shiona ... Shiona ..."
"Don't cry, Ray. That's why Tippy will laugh at you."
Shiona's hand extends to my cheek.
It was my second tears that she paid with her fingertips.
"I don't want Ray to turn blue ... I want him to always be orange ..."
sad.
A tremendous amount of sadness comes up.
It grows endlessly in the mind and never stays.
As time goes by, the sadness becomes more intense.
Why are you sad?
Such an answer will come out soon.
Because it's important.
It was important to me.
If a Philoid that looks the same appears in front of you, it doesn't make sense.
It may look different.
As long as the contents are you.
"Rei ... I thought you were a family member. I was like your brother, but that's not all. I thought you were important."
family.
It is a person who can believe and help each other for free without any benefit.
That is "love".
The emotions I wanted someday.
I was aware of that feeling before I knew it.
Forever ... I was given it all the time.
It's just a natural feeling to live with someone.
"What's wrong, Ray ... Don't make such a sad face ... Yes, let's sing a song, go to the square again ... Everyone will be happy."
"... Shiona ...?"
"I promised everyone. Ray gave everyone a smile and made me happy."
It's a memory of when I was happy. Memories of the fun days we went to in the town.
Probably the memory area is turbid.
but…….
"... Yeah, let's sing. Everyone is looking forward to it."
I turned the handle of the music box on the floor.
A melody that begins to flow quietly.
Shiona loosens her cheeks, closes her eyes and she begins to sing.
I also close her eyes, listen to the investigation and look back.
It's not a long time, but the sight of that town I spent.
A person walking down the street stops and turns around.
One person and one person gather in the square.
Children, the elderly, someone's mother, her husband, the people of the town are smiling.
Be intoxicated by the melody that Shiona sings.
I'm sure that scene was commonplace long ago.
Regardless of Ningen or Philoid, they were smiling and spending time with each other.
We forgot ... it's a matter of course that we lost ...
"Hey, Ray ... keep laughing all the time."
"……Yes"
"You can be sad, you can be angry ... but ... and then laugh."
"Hey ... if love has a shape, it's probably a round shape, because love never hurt anyone."
I hold back my tears and laugh.
"Hey ... if love has a temperature, it's surely warm. Because love is something that wraps around and warms you."
"Yeah ... I'm sure it is."
"Because there is love, Ray is not sad. Because love protects Ray and does not hurt him. I promise. No matter what happens, our love will protect Ray."
I shed too much tears and felt pain in his eyes.
His vision is distorted.
However, among them, only Shiona's smile was clearly visible.
"So don't cry. Love is by your side all the time. Love is eternal. You don't have to cry because it's eternal."
I put my hand on Shiona's hand on her cheek.
It was warm, but there was little power left.
It's like something is spilling through the gaps in her hands.
I knew what was spilling.
But he didn't want to admit.
He holds his hand firmly and hopes it doesn't spill.
I can hear the song.
A warm melody that Shiona always hummed.
It gets into the gaps in my heart that have begun to fade and fills with warmth.
"I'm sorry, let me be alone again."
"-! That's not the case. That's not the case!"
I wanted to scratch my head.
Now he finally noticed.
Shiona wasn't afraid to break. I was scared to be alone again.
"I ... I got a lot of drinks from Shiona ...!"
"Ray?"
I hold the hand of Shiona's machine with the hand of Ningen.
Yes, until I met Shiona, I was neither a human nor a phylroid.
Shiona stayed close to me like that-I became a human.
"I've always had Shiona in me, I'm not the only one. Joy, sadness, anger ... I got it all from you. I'll never forget it."
Oh ... no, I have to laugh here.
I have to reassure Shiona, but my feelings don't allow it ...
No matter how hard I try
"So Shiona, don't look so sad. I'm okay. Absolutely, it's okay."
"Well ... I wonder if that was the case."
Satisfied, Shiona nodded.
"that……"
She squints as Shiona is confused. Then a transparent drop began to cover her eyes, as if pushed into her eyelids.
"That's definitely not ..."
I say with a quivering voice, smiling to reassure Shiona.
Now that I'm a human, I understand the meaning of his tears.
Shiona seemed to notice immediately, and she smiled back.
"Tears ... were flowing even when I was happy."
The force slowly disappears from Shiona's body.
Are you laughing? I am.
Can he smile so that Shiona doesn't get anxious?
"……See you"
"... Yeah, see you again."
Huh.
Shiona closed her eyes.
That moment, Shiona, was probably the most beautiful face I've ever seen.
Then Shiona never opened her eyes anymore.
Her gentle face looks like she's laughing.
It's as if I'm praying for my happiness.
But there is no happiness in a world without Shiona.
My life that will continue from now on is the life of hell itself.
Can you bear it?
...... No, I have to endure.
His chest is so tight that it becomes painful.
All emotions circulate throughout the body, squeaking.
Is my heart so fragile and weak?
Is it so painful and painful to lose a loved one?
"Wow ... oh ... !!"
His field of vision was completely white, and I mourned aloud as if to destroy the world.
"Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ...!"
Shiona said.
Certainly Shiona's love may be eternal.
But she couldn't stand me.
I know, this is an emotion.
What Shiona gave me.
This suffering and this sorrow.
But that's not all.
The warmth that barely remains in her chest, and the memories of everyone who can proudly say that it was fun.
It's all given by Shiona.
Both are mys now.
Either way, I will never let go.
How long has it passed?
How long does a human need to get organized?
I ... remembered the time when I met Shiona over and over again.
The meal we ate together.
When I woke up in the morning and exchanged greetings.
We went shopping together.
I went to an abandoned factory and worried.
He was very pleased when the music box was fixed.
I sang a song in the town square and was surrounded by a smile.
I made a promise ...
I knew the warmth.
I knew the joy.
She sometimes felt angry.
I have also shed tears in sadness.
And ... I got love.
──No ... everything was love.
This tragedy was caused by the stupidity of our humans who lost their love.
Ningen is selfish.
He repeats the same thing ...
Still, he will need someone.
This is an instinct. I wanted to see Ningen even when I woke up here.
He's an instinct for love, wanting to walk with someone.
I don't even notice such a simple thing ...
I see the cold sleep device in front of him.
I laid Shiona and Tippy on each of those that were still functioning, and some were still there.
Originally intended for Ningen, this should help reduce aging.
He wanted to keep their appearance, even a little.
I mutter in front of the two who seem to be sleeping.
"Shiona, Tippy ... I'm going."
There is no reply.
There can't be.
But I continued.
"I'm going on a journey now. Rest assured that it's not a purposeless journey. I'm going to find a world where Ningen and Philoid can coexist."
It was also the wish that the young man of Ningen, who had been eliminated, said.
If there is a world where Ningen and Philoid can coexist, such sadness will not occur.
If there is a world where Ningen and Philoid can coexist, there is no more joy.
That's why I'm going to look for it now.
"And if there wasn't that world--"
Hold the iron fist over his living palm.
"-No, there is always. There is always a world that you and we are trying to leave for Ningen."
It will be extremely difficult to find it.
But I have the knowledge that Tippy gave me.
And there is the feeling that Shiona gave me.
There are partners in this world who continue to convey "love".
Therefore, the future journey is not a journey of despair.
"I'm going to borrow this, because I'll be back someday."
In my hand is Shiona's older brother's music box.
Turn the steering wheel in front of the sleeping Shiona and let the melody of peace that is stuck there sound.
I felt like I heard her song to the tune.
"Then I will go."
A world where Ningen and Philoid can hold hands.
I took that step.
"Even so, I remained hopeful and continued to reach both arms toward the light."
"Did you wake up?"
"……here……?"
"You have just awakened from a long sleep, do you know the name?"
my name is…….
"Moda-117 Alice mk-17 made by Aso International. No individual name has been set."
"It looks like the settings have been initialized. You can stay with Alice for a while."
The man in front of me presented me with an old-fashioned wooden box.
"this is……?"
"It was the one that was put together in your sleeping device."
Receive the box. I felt very nostalgic.
When I opened the lid, it was a dull golden disk. When you turn the handle that comes out from the side of the box, a clear tone begins to be played.
A very beautiful tune that flows while the metal comb is gently played.
"It's a song that has been played for a long time."
A tune that is not in my record.
It should be, but it's very nostalgic, warm, and warm in my chest.
And at the same time ...
Hot things spill out of my eyes.
"We have confirmed a runaway emotional function. Maintenance may be required."
"No, it's not necessary. It's good to cherish that feeling .... I'm sorry that it took me a long time to regain the technology to utilize it, although only the knowledge was left behind. "
A man speaks kindly.
I feel a nostalgic look on that expression.
Not in the record ── …… My memory …….
"For the time being. Let's go home after completing all the maintenance."
"Where are you?"
"It's a town"
It was dazzling outside the facility.
It's blue and high. White clouds are slowly flowing while drawing various shapes.
Warm air filled the artificial heart and lungs. A gentle breeze gently strokes my hair.
It was a natural sight.
For some reason, I feel nostalgic for such a natural world.
And ... for some reason I feel very sad.
Drive on the paved road.
Every view from the window is beautiful.
It was overgrown with green.
Small fish bounce on the surface of a beautiful stream.
In the sky, small birds are singing and flying with each other.
"Now, I'm here."
After passing through the gate, I arrived at a town surrounded by white outer walls.
It was full of people.
Ningen and Philoid are taking their hands and spending their daily lives.
The sight makes my eyes hot again.
"I'm sorry, there is still a risk of runaway emotional function. The rhythm pattern of the chest is also not normal."
"Okay, I'm sure it's the right thing."
"Is that so? If so, am I a defective product?"
"No, it's normal. You're closer to Ningen than any Philoid."
That word was very happy for Philoid.
But I don't understand why it is said so.
I take a closer look at the town that makes me feel nostalgic.
In the corner of the square, a human child and a child-shaped Philoid are playing happily.
There is a photo shop. The owner of Philoid is smiling at a picture of Ningen's family.
At a grocery store in a remote location, Ningen was shopping and the owner of Philoid was unfriendly.
"Welcome back, Sensei"
A very pretty girl, Philoid, rushes towards me.
"Hey, I'm home. Do you want to be a good boy, Dorothy?"
"Yeah! I wrote a lot while I wasn't there. See."
The little girl showed her the picture she would have drawn, with her big smile on her face.
The townspeople are laughing in a circle.
The picture drawn with crayons is very warm and makes me feel warm just by looking at it.
It was a picture that made everyone feel happy.
"That? You are ..."
The girl looks up at me.
"Nice to meet you. I'm Alice, nice to meet you."
"Ali ... Su? Hello Alice. Dorothy is Dorothy because she hasn't been fooled."
"Yeah, I'm the same."
Unregistered Philoid. What should I do if I don't have a primary partner?
Perhaps he felt my anxiety, the man next to me tapped my shoulder.
"What do you want to do?"
"... What can I do ..."
"Alice, sing?"
"Yeah, Uta. This is it."
Dorothy closes her eyes and begins singing.
It was a little sloppy, but familiar song.
"It's a song that has been sung for a long time. No one in the world knows it."
The man says so and takes out the music box from the car.
He opens the lid and turns the handle that sticks out from the side of the box.
A clear sound is played and a gentle tune begins to flow.
Townspeople gather to be attracted to the melody.
Everyone listens to the tone and makes a gentle expression.
I know this scene.
The memory area that should be pure white ── The memory that is breathing small in the deeper part gently hits the chest.
My mouth moved naturally.
The song I was supposed to sing for the first time was familiar to my throat, my lips ...
The music box tune that fills the square is very nostalgic.
"Wow, it's very beautiful.
"Yeah, this song is ... a very important song."