Then, the air moved.
The pale light which had once surrounded me began to recede,
and the next thing I saw was a filthy ceiling.
Both my right and left arms were extended toward the ceiling, but the right was a little different.
My right arm was mechanical, and some components were poking out from the wrist.
The fingers moved smoothly, but as they did I could hear the gentle reverberation of metal scraping against metal.
I began to sit up, slowly.
Finally I realized that the pale light which had consumed my vision came from the softly curved, oblong lid which was before me.
Apparently I had been asleep in this capsule-like thing.
Where was I?
Who was I?
Why was I here?
Asking these questions to myself provided no answers.
In an attempt to trace back my own memories, all I could recall was that pale light.
Hoping to find even the smallest hint about my memories, I climbed down from the capsule and began to wander around the room.
Even though I knew how to walk, I must not have done it for a long time. My legs were unsteady and shaky.
Taking great care not to fall over, I slowly continued my walk.
The air around me was lukewarm, and each breath I took coated my throat with dust.
Outside light was coming in through a hole in the ceiling, and its path revealed the dust in the air.
It seemed as though no one had been in this building for quite some time.
A thin layer of dust covered the floor.
I wondered what went on in this place.
A countless number of those oblong capsules dotted the huge room.
The majority of them were open.
And they were all empty.
Some of them were closed, but even they had nothing inside.
It seemed that I was the only one in the room.
No. That wasn't exactly true.
There were people leaning against the capsules and lying sprawled on the ground.
Except something was wrong.
You couldn't really call them human.
It might be more accurate to call them humanoid objects.
The mechanical parts of these humanoid objects could be seen peeking out from beneath their skin.
For some, everything above the neck was mechanical.
The mechanical arms on some were bare.
Some of their lower halves were torn, and their mechanical parts visible.
Then I remembered something about these humanoid objects.
Made for humans, to serve as their partners.
They were equipped not only with the five senses, but also emotions in order to be as close as possible to real humans.
I reached out my hand to a motionless Phiroid.
The bare, skinless arm was frighteningly similar to my own.
This was a factory.
I was made here.
Just before I was completed, this place must have been destroyed for some reason.
Before my right hand was covered with artificial skin. Staring at my mechanical arm, I reached this plausible conclusion.
Realizing what I was, I began to walk towards a wall.
There were old automatic doors with a dusty LCD reading <<CLOSED>> next to them.
I touched it with my mechanical hand.
Just as my bloodless fingertip sensed something cold and electrical, the display changed to read <<OPEN>> and the doors unsealed.
Would I be able to get out this way?
I wondered if there was someone remaining in the facility.
I wanted to meet them.
I wanted to meet a human...
To find my partner...
I pushed open the doors leading outside,
and set out in order to prove my own existence.
After arriving home, I immediately headed to the living room.
The broken music box was there.
I opened the book I took out from the library, and began to study the structure of the music box.
Just as I thought, one of the gears was broken.
That's why it didn't matter how much I turned the lever; the disc wouldn't turn, and thus no sound would come out.
But what was I to do about the gear?
Could I make one by following the dimensions listed in this book? No, I couldn't.
Without any answers, I kept turning the pages.
In the back was a list of products shown by their manufacturers, as well as a list of parts used.
When I skimmed it, my eyes fixed on a certain spot.
From what I gathered, the manufacturer of the music box also made clocks.
Which meant that they might have used some of the same precision parts in the clock.
Unexpectedly, I remembered when I had broken Madd's clock in his shop.
That clock... Maybe if he has no use for it and he's just going to throw it away, then...
If was able to use the gears inside the clock, maybe I could fix this music box.
"Rei, what are you doing?"
Just as I was figuring out how to fix it, Shiona entered the living room.
"Shiona, listen. I might be able to fix this music box using the gears from that clock in Madd's shop."
"Oh? Really?"
Shiona's smile looked happier than ever.
I could see her happiness from her expression.
"But don't push yourself too hard. I can still sing, even without the music box."
Taking the music box into her hands, Shiona began to sing.
It was the same song she sang in the chapel.
That strangely nostalgic song.
That song that made me feel a warm glow in my chest.
While Shiona gazed lovingly at the music box, I felt my resolve to fix it strengthen.
I wanted to fix the music box for her.
And I wanted her to be happy.
These thoughts made my chest feel like it might burst.
"Tomorrow, I'll go to Madd's shop again."
Maybe I could persuade him to give me his clock somehow.
But there was one thing I was worried about.
I was the one that broke the clock in the first place.
I had apologized, but that didn't mean that going there would be easy.
And just thinking about Madd getting angry left me terrified.
"I want to make lots of people smile with my brother's song."
Shiona's words reached me as I wavered.
"This song is orange... I'm sure it can turn many people's hearts orange. He told me that's what he wanted when he made it. That was my brother's wish. So I want lots of people to listen to this song. And I want lots of people to smile. I guess that's my wish."
Shiona carried on, as though she were talking to herself,
but her words pushed me toward my goal.
I was going to Madd's shop once again the next day.
And I was going to apologize for breaking his clock once again.
Shiona's voice and the music box reinforced my resolve.
The next day, I went to Madd's shop alone.
I thought of turning back countless times along the way,
but what kept me going was Shiona's smile.
I wanted to look at that smile all day.
And that's why I wanted to fix that music box for her.
I thought about how determined I was the day before,
and about what I could do for Shiona.
I made up my mind, and stepped into Madd's shop.
"How dare you show your face around here!"
Immediately after, Madd's words rolled over me like distant thunder.
I wanted to run away, but I didn't.
"I wanted to apologize more properly for what I did yesterday."
"About the clock? Didn't you already apologize?"
"I had Shiona with me then. I wanted to try to do it by myself, properly."
"I don't need this crap. Just get the hell outta here."
"I'm sorry, but I cannot do that. I'm really sorry for breaking your clock yesterday."
"You're wasting your breath. The clock is still broken, so just go home."
"I'm sorry. I'm really, really sorry."
I kept apologizing while keeping my head down.
How much time went by like that?
Finally, Madd spoke with a slightly softened tone.
"Hey. Look at me."
I did what he said. There stood Madd, with what seemed to be a look of surprise on his face.
"I can't believe it. You're a real piece of work. There's nothing more annoying or persistent than you."
"I'm sorry..."
"Stop apologizing or I'll smack you."
Although he said that, it seemed to lack the anger from yesterday.
I thought I noticed the sound of a small sigh coming from him.
"So, are you finished? Go home already."
"Actually... I have one favor to ask."
"A favor? Boy, you have some nerve coming in here asking me for a favor."
My feet were frozen with fright, but Shiona's words pushed me forward.
"That clock... Will you give it to me?"
"...say that again."
"Uhm... That clock, will you gi---"
"YOU'VE GOTTA BE JOKING!!"
I froze, standing at attention like I had just been struck by lightning.
"So after you break it, you think I'll just hand it over? Don't get so cocky!"
It was pointless...
I had to give up...
Just as I was about to run away, a voice came from behind me.
"Madd, wait. Rei just wants to fix my brother's music box."
I thought she was at home, but there stood Shiona.
Shiona stepped between me and Madd fearlessly.
"My brother's music box is broken, and Rei said he'd fix it for me. He just wants parts for that. He really regrets breaking your clock yesterday. So won't you please just forgive him?"
She kept smiling as she explained to Madd.
"Hm... Hmmmmm..."
Madd's expression slowly softened, and the bright red hue drained from his face.
"Sorry to break it to you, but I don't have it anymore. I don't need things like that, so I threw it away. But..."
Madd turned away from us, but continued to speak.
"I tossed it in the abandoned factory at the edge of town. Whatever happened after that is out of my hands."
Saying this, Madd sat down facing the wall.
"Thank you very much, Madd."
Still smiling, Shiona gave Madd a slight bow and left the shop.
"Th-Thank you very much..."
I made the same slight bow and left the shop.
"Say, that abandoned factory is right by the place you collapsed."
She informed me as we left the shop.
"Uh, that's the place where you throw away trash, right?"
"That's right. That place gets a lot of trash from all around."
"Does Madd take items he finds there, fix them up, and sell them in his shop?"
"Probably, yeah. He goes there quite a bit."
It made sense. So that was why he had so much old stuff in his shop.
He took things that were still usable, and then proceeded to reuse them.
Whatever the case, I decided to head off toward the abandoned factory.
"Shiona, if it's okay, could you guide me to where the garbage dump is?"
"I'm sorry, but I can't. Today the red children are coming over to the house."
She probably meant the children that talked to her the day before.
When I thought about it, she also promised to treat them to soup.
"But Rei, you can't just go alone. I'll just break off my plans with the children."
"No, don't worry about it, Shiona. Keep your promise to them."
"But how are you going to get there?"
"I'm going to go to the library. I want to look over a map and learn about this area."
"The library..."
Shiona's expression seemed to cloud slightly.
"Ah... No, it's nothing. ...Hey, Rei? Has Tipi become attached to you?"
"Good question. I wouldn't say she hates me. Why?"
"Oh, it's nothing. There will definitely be a map at the library. I'll see you soon."
"Yeah. I'll check it out. See you later."
Turning around, I headed toward the library.
At the time, her smile seemed a bit off. Like it was fraught with sorrow.
But I didn't know why.
"Rei, you came back."
Tipi was in the same spot, still crying the same way.
"Yeah. I'm here. Hey Tipi, can I ask you something?"
"Do you have any maps of the town in this library?"
"Of course. We have lots."
"Great. Can you show me where they are?"
"That's fine but... but..."
Tipi couldn't get the words out.
"No, that's not it... That's not it... But..."
"Will you hold me in your arms?"
Tipi blushed slightly.
She still looked sad, but her cheeks were a bit rosier.
"Hold you? Do you mean like last time?"
"Yes... Is that okay?"
"No, it's fine. Come over here."
"Okay... Okay..."
I extended my arms and she got up, then hesitantly jumped up to my chest.
I was holding her, although differently than last time.
But I thought the same things.
Holding her, I noticed how small and soft and fragile she was.
"Is this okay, Tipi?"
"Yes... This is good. Rei... You're warm."
Tipi began rubbing her cheek against my chest.
I could feel my chest grow warm as she did.
Was this emotion the feeling of fondness?
I wanted to protect this girl.
I wanted to stop her tears.
I stayed there and held Tipi for a moment.
"Um, can you walk over there like this?"
Tipi pointed the way to go while she snuggled against my chest.
I followed her directions while I continued to hold her.
"Why do you need a map?"
"Apparently there's an abandoned factory near the town. And that's where I want to go."
"Why do you want to go to an abandoned factory?"
"I'm looking for a part, and it might be there."
"Is it for that music box you were looking at yesterday?"
"Yeah, that's right. I want to fix Shiona's brother's music box, no matter what."
"Shiona's... I see. It'd be nice if you found it."
As I carried her, Tipi led me directly to the shelf that held the book of maps.
"Did you really memorize where each book is?"
"Yeah, just about."
"That's amazing. Did someone teach you?"
"Nope. I learned it by myself while I waited for mommy and daddy to return."
After saying the words mommy and daddy, Tipi's eyes began to well up.
"Ah... I think this is it."
I took out a book of maps, just to change the subject.
Sitting down right there, I opened the book.
This one also had hand-drawn maps, just like the book about music boxes.
Were all the books in this library handwritten?
Their number was phenomenal, if that were so.
Just who in the world had written so many books by hand?
I almost felt faint on contemplating the endless stretches of time required for such work.
"This is pretty beaten up... How old is this book?"
"Uhm... I don't know. It's a really, really, really, really old book."
I thought it was a map from decades ago.
But the buildings seemed to be in the same locations as in the town right now.
There were some pages that were badly discolored, as though tea had been spilled on them.
Some were even stuck together. I suspected they'd rip if I pulled on them.
I flipped through the pages carefully.
"Oh, I think this may be it."
I found the symbol for the factory located in the north of the town.
Judging by the distance from Shiona's house, as well, it was very likely that this was the place.
"Rei... Are you leaving? Don't go..."
Tipi began clinging to my neck.
I patted her tiny back countless times.
"Don't worry. I'll be back again."
"Really? You'll really come back again?"
"Of course. I promise."
"Cross your heart? And hope to die?"
"Yeah. I cross my heart and hope to die."
I kept promising over and over to Tipi.
Why did I do that?
Regardless, I felt wrong when I left.
A feeling bubbled up inside me, and urged me to stay there with Tipi forever.
I pushed down the feeling, and made my way out of the library.
As I entered the ruined factory that the map led me to, I could smell oxidized oil.
Apparently this factory used to produce arms and legs for Phiroids.
There were unfinished Phiroid arms and legs scattered all around me.
None of them had artificial skin applied to them yet, so the machinery was clearly visible.
Looking closely, I could see that they were built the same as my own right hand.
I knew these were just inanimate objects, but it was still a creepy sight.
I tried to push away some of the scattered arms with my right hand.
The sound of metal hitting metal echoed sadly through the factory.
I decided I should come back here if any part of my body were to break.
There were plenty of spare parts to be found here.
There were several large drums full of oil in the back.
Most were oxidized, but there were some unopened ones too.
If I ever ran out of oil, I figured I could come here for maintenance where no one would see me.
The farther I walked into the factory, the more my worries seemed to fade away.
This abandoned factory was sure to be an important place for me.
But I couldn't find the one thing I was looking for.
That was, of course, the clock that Madd supposedly left here.
But there were no clocks in this factory, or anything that looked like trash at all.
Perhaps the trash was thrown away outside, rather than inside the factory?
I left the factory for a moment to look around outside.
Just behind the factory, I found a whole area piled high with machine parts.
There was a lot of trash strewn around among the machine parts, as well.
It must have been the town dump.
There were probably more people than just Madd who came here to look for things they could use.
I looked up at the mountain of trash, several times taller than myself.
"So, where could it be?"
There was a huge amount of trash.
Conducting a systematic search would be a backbreaking job.
But there was nothing else I could do.
I immediately got to work, starting with the pile at my feet.
I don't know how long it took.
It had been a long while since I'd felt any sense of time passing.
My hands were filthy from having moved the dirty metal plates and oil-covered containers.
My clothes were slick with oil, and large stains had appeared all over them.
But even then, I continued to cross the carpet of trash, swim through filthy rivers, and bathe under scrap metal waterfalls.
Finally, I found it.
The clock from Madd's shop.
The one I broke yesterday.
I found it.
I picked it up, and watched its hands closely.
Of course they weren't moving.
I put it up to my ear, but it made no sound.
This was only to be expected, since I'd broken it.
This clock would probably never tell time again.
That realization felt like a small stab to the chest.
I clutched the clock gently to my body, and started walking back the way I'd come.
Shiona greeted me kindly.
"I'm back. Here it is."
I held out my oil-stained prize, and Shiona smiled pleasantly.
"Oh, that's it. Thank you. Here, hurry and change."
Shiona gave me a towel and a change of clothes.
I wiped off the oil and changed, and then went to the living room.
Shiona greeted me again there.
"Rei, you must be tired, right? Have something to eat and get some rest."
"No, I'm fine. I want to get right to work."
"Will you be okay? I'm worried about you."
"I'm fine. For some reason I don't feel tired at all right now."
"But you have to eat..."
"Yeah, I know. I'll eat later, so you go ahead and eat now."
"...Okay. Good luck."
Shiona left the living room.
I watched her leave, and then got to work.
I opened up the book I'd borrowed from the library.
This music box was made so that when someone turned the handle, gears of different sizes turned against each other, spinning a disc at a set speed.
Apparently, turning the handle faster wouldn't speed up the song at all.
I was really impressed by that technology.
I followed the book's assembly instructions backwards, and took the music box apart.
Then I compared which parts were visible. Partway through, I noticed that the drive gear was broken.
Due to its high precision, a simple break in just one tiny part caused it to stop working.
I suddenly found myself looking at my right hand.
First, I would need to search the clock for something the size of the cracked gear.
Next I started taking the clock apart.
I took off the case, and used a screwdriver to remove the screws.
When I removed the case, I could see the machinery inside.
It was full of gears far more precise than those in the music box.
One of them, a rather large gear, had a broken axle. That's what prevented it from working.
That was probably where I'd broken it yesterday.
Madd threw away the clock because there was no replacement gear of the same size.
Fortunately, the broken gear wasn't one of the sizes I needed for the music box.
Taking things apart made me feel awkward somehow.
After all, I had to break the clock in order to fix the music box.
Maybe I felt this way because I knew exactly what I was.
I hesitated a bit, but then took apart the clock as carefully as possible, to show it some respect.
I lined the clock's gears up on the table by size and compared them to the one from the music box.
"There it is."
I had found a gear that was roughly the same size.
Now all I had to do was follow the book's instructions and transplant it into the music box.
"I think this should do it..."
Now the disc should spin without any problems.
I replaced the casing, and when I turned the handle, I could feel some resistance.
But the handle wouldn't turn.
What was wrong?
I looked back at the book.
The parts were correct, and I'd put them in the right places.
I tilted my head in confusion, and took the casing off again.
Then I turned the handle with the casing still off.
The gears were definitely aligned correctly.
But, perhaps because it hadn't been used in a while, the oil was all dried up.
Maybe that's why the handle wouldn't turn.
What to do...?
Should I go to Shiona and borrow some of her cooking oil?
No, that wouldn't work.
Cooking oil probably wasn't the same as the oil used to grease gears.
It might work at first, but then cause problems later on.
So then what should I...?
Then I looked at my own right hand.
It was covered with a glove, but there were exposed machine parts beneath that.
Perhaps the oil used in my own hand would work.
I took off my glove, and looked closely at my right hand...
at the machinery that was now clearly visible.
There was oil inside it, to make it move smoothly.
I stuck the screwdriver into my palm near the base of my thumb.
When I removed the casing, I could see all the machinery used to move my hand, like wires, cylinders, and shafts.
There was oil inside one of those cylinders.
It was easily removable, to make it possible to replace the old oil.
I used my left hand to take out the cylinder, and dripped oil from inside it onto the music box gears.
I spread the oil around with my fingertips to get it on all the gears.
Would this work?
I put the cylinder back into my right hand, and replaced the casing.
After hiding my mechanical hand inside the glove again, I nervously turned the crank.
At first it moved awkwardly. But as I turned the handle, the gears began to turn smoothly.
At some point the oil must have worked itself in between all of the gears, and the handle began turning without catching at all.
And then that melody started to play.
"Rei, that song...!"
Shiona suddenly came into the room.
"Yeah. It's fixed, Shiona."
"Thank you... Thank you, Rei. Thank you... I'm so, so happy!"
Shiona smiled more brightly than I'd ever seen before.
Just seeing her smile like that made a warmth build up inside my chest.
And then I noticed.
Oh, this must be it.
This was what joy felt like.
In that moment, I felt joy.
I was overjoyed to see Shiona smile.
And for the first time, I felt like I'd done something useful.
"Thank you Rei, thank you!"
Shiona took my hand and thanked me again and again.
As her face drew close to mine, I could feel my own grow hot.
"It's fixed thanks to your hard work, Rei. I'd given up on ever hearing that song again, but now I can. This orange-colored song that my brother wrote. This song that I love..."
"Hey, Shiona, sing it for me. Let me hear your brother's song."
"Yes... Of course!"
I turned the handle on the music box.
Shiona clasped her hands in front of her chest, and started singing along with the melody.
It was the song she'd been singing when we met.
The song that Shiona's brother wrote.
That orange-colored song.
I felt like I finally understood it.
The feeling inside of me - it was joy.
Shiona's song,
and Shiona's happiness as she sang it...
Just watching her sing made me overflow with joy.
Shiona sang more happily than ever before.
That day, Shiona kept singing until she fell asleep.
And I listened closely, lost in the song.
Shiona asked me again and again to play the song for her.
She kept singing, until I could hardly keep moving my arm.
And as I watched her expression, I thought,
I want to be together with Shiona forever.
If Shiona wished for that too, I could be with her always.
But for that to be possible, I couldn't let my true self be discovered.
Absolutely not...
That day, I was more determined than ever to stay with Shiona forever.
It was night, and the room had grown dark.
As we lay side by side in our beds, Shiona spoke to me.
"Can I ask you a favor?"
"Well, I'd like to share this song with as many people as I can. And I want to make them smile. I want to make people happy, through my brother's song."
I knew the word itself.
But I didn't know exactly what it meant.
Was it a state of being?
Or was it an emotion?
I repeated the word "happy" to myself, again and again in my head.
"So I want you to help me."
"Help? What do you want me to do?"
"Come with me to the plaza tomorrow, and play the music box."
"'And you'll sing, right, Shiona?"
"Yes. And I want as many people as possible to hear it. The orange-colored song that my brother wrote..."
"Yes, I'd like that too. Of course I'll help."
I heard the sheets rustle.
"What is it, Shiona?"
"Hey, Rei... Can I hold your hand?"
It was too dark for me to see Shiona's expression.
But I think she was blushing.
"You want to hold hands? With me?"
"Yes, I want to hold hands with you... Don't you want to?"
I searched through all of my knowledge.
I knew that sometimes people held hands.
But I thought that held a special meaning for young men and women...
"Sure, it's fine..."
If a human... If Shiona wanted something, I wanted to grant it to them.
Fortunately, she was to my left.
Since my hand covered with artificial skin was on that side, I didn't think it would be a problem.
I reach out toward the bed next to mine.
My hand felt cold in the chilly room.
I searched blindly for Shiona's hand.
When I touched it, it felt warm.
Shiona's hand clasped my own.
"You're warm, Rei."
"Yeah... You're warm too, Shiona."
We held hands.
Our fingers intertwined naturally, without either of us really initiating it.
I felt the warmth spread, and it wasn't just the body warmth from our hands.
This was different from my artificial warmth. It was human warmth...
"Rei... tighter."
"Like this...?"
"I'm sorry, did that hurt?"
"No... It was just tighter than I expected."
"How's this?"
"It's good... Thank you, Rei."
We held hands all night long.
Our hands were still clasped together when the morning light woke us.
The next day, we filled the plaza with sound.
Shiona and I started performing.
Shiona sang.
I played her brother's music box.
At first, no one wandered by.
But little by little, people gathered to hear Shiona's singing voice.
First one, then two people stopped, and soon there was a small ring of them.
Not long after that the ring of people grew larger, and the once-deserted plaza bustled with activity.
Everyone there was entranced by Shiona's song.
A young couple leaned in close to each other and held hands.
An old woman closed her eyes with deep emotion.
A young man gazed at a young lady standing a little ways away.
Parents and children laughed happily together.
The children were moving their bodies along with the music.
They were all listening to Shiona's song in their own way.
But they had one thing in common.
They were all smiling.
Everyone listening to Shiona's song had smiles on their faces.
I too felt a warmth deep down in my chest, knowing that I was helping to make all of these people smile.
This is what it is to feel happy.
The emotion I felt yesterday when I saw Shiona's smile.
This is really it.
I was happy.
I felt my cheeks lift a little.
I must have been smiling.
I probably looked a little awkward,
but I didn't mind.
If it brought me even a little closer to Shiona, that was enough for me.
The newly-fixed music box kept playing its melody without a hitch.
The handle spun easily.
The sounds from the disc echoed and were amplified by the wooden box, and spread throughout the air.
Shiona called it an orange-colored melody.
And along with that melody, Shiona sang.
I wished this time could continue on forever...
This time spent making people smile.
And I wanted to keep watching Shiona's happy face as she sang, forever.
I happened to glance toward the library at the edge of the town.
I thought I saw the closed curtains move a little.
For just a moment, I saw a small figure.
I knew who it was.
That blue girl who was always crying.
It was Tipi.
She was probably crying now, too.
All alone in that library.
Just thinking about it, I felt a small pain in my chest.
It was like a thorn had pricked me.
I wondered what Tipi felt like, watching this crowd of people.
This constantly growing circle of smiles.
Everyone here was smiling and sharing the same emotion.
I noticed just one person among them with a scowl on his face.
It was Madd, with an angry expression and his arms crossed in front of him.
He looked completely out of place, the only one there with an angry expression on his face.
As our eyes unexpectedly met, his were filled with an emotion I still didn't understand.
It didn't even last a whole second.
After an instant, Madd snorted, turned on his heel, and disappeared into the crowd.
And as I watched him go, I thought,
I want to make everyone smile.
Even those who appeared sad or angry.
I wanted to give smiles to Tipi and Madd.
But what could I do?
I continued to think about it as I turned the music box's crank.
After the song was finished, I walked alone to Madd's shop.
I couldn't get his scowl out of my mind.
His shop was as dim and gloomy as ever, and I stepped timidly inside.
There were no customers there.
Madd was sitting alone at the register.
But there was something strange about him.
He wasn't lying back on the chair with legs outstretched as he had before.
He was just staring at something he held in his hand, something square like a chip.
His expression was as stern as ever, but also looked somehow lonely.
"Um... Madd?"
When I spoke to him, Madd looked startled and hurriedly hid the chip inside his hand.
"Uh, hey, why are you here? How come you just barged in here without permission?"
"Barged in? I thought anyone was free to come into a shop..."
"Don't give me that! It takes some gall to come sauntering in here without my permission!!"
He was being highly irrational.
"But for you not to even notice me enter, you must have been concentrating very hard on that chip."
"The chip you're hiding in your hand."
"I'm not hiding anything like that!!"
"But I saw it. If you're not hiding anything, why don't you open your hand and--"
"Shut up! Get out of here! And never ever come back here again!!"
Pushed back by the force of his words, I was kicked out of Madd's shop.
I'd come to try to make Madd smile, but somehow I ended up doing the opposite.
Shiona was waiting for me outside of the shop.
At the sight of her smile, my chest grew a little warmer.
"Huh? Why are you here, Shiona?"
"I wondered where you were going, so I followed you."
"I came here hoping to make Madd smile. But I just made him angry again..."
"You want to make Madd smile, huh? That's a very difficult thing to do. I wouldn't worry about it. Madd's always angry, anyway."
"But he seemed angrier than usual today."
"More than usual? Did something happen?"
"I'm not sure exactly, but I asked about the chip."
"The chip?"
"Yeah, a square chip that fit in the palm of his hand. Madd was staring at it..."
I made a square with my fingers to show the size of the chip Madd had been looking at.
Shiona must have known something about it, because her eyes went wide.
"Did you ask about that chip?"
"Yes. And then he suddenly got all angry."
"Ah, okay, I see. Rei, that couldn't be helped."
"Couldn't be helped? What do you mean?"
"That chip is Madd's treasure."
"Madd's treasure? What's on it?"
"I think it has a movie that Madd's son filmed on it."
"His son's movie? Is Madd's son a movie director?"
"Yes. But he left this town ages ago, and hasn't come back."
Shiona looked out the window as she spoke.
She looked a little troubled, but she was still smiling... It was a complicated expression with a mix of both emotions.
"But why would he just look at the chip? He should watch the actual movie."
"He can't. There's no machine in this town that can play that chip."
"So Madd just stares at it because he wants to watch it but can't?"
"I think that must be it. But he doesn't say so out loud because he's easily embarrassed."
Just then I had a thought.
I thought of a way to bring a smile to the face of even the ever-angry Madd.
"Oh, nothing. I want to make a stop somewhere, Shiona, so go on back without me."
"You want to make a stop?"
"Yes, I want to look something up."
"At the library?"
Shiona seemed somehow surprised.
Maybe she was worried about me, since I wasn't quite used to this town yet.
"I promise I won't be late."
I made a point of telling her that, so I wouldn't burden her with too much worry.
Shiona opened her mouth like she wanted to say something, but then closed it again.
And then just once...For just an instant, she lightly bit her lower lip, then smiled.
"...Okay. Be careful, Rei."
I parted with Shiona in front of Madd's shop, and started walking alone through town.
As usual, the library was dimly lit and full of stagnant air.
I walked straight through the maze-like room without hesitation.
To the blue girl, who was always crying.
"Rei, you're here."
When Tipi saw me, she stood up and came running up to me.
I gently hugged her small frame.
"Yes, I promised, after all."
"Thank you, Rei. I'm so glad."
Tipi buried her face in my stomach.
I could tell that she was crying.
"Tipi, what were you up to?"
"I was drawing. Come here, Rei."
Tipi took my hand, and I followed where she led.
Papers and crayons were scattered around the area where Tipi had been sitting.
There was a half-finished drawing among the papers.
"Did you draw this, Tipi?"
"Yes. I draw a picture every day."
As Tipi spoke, she started working on her drawing again.
I looked at her picture.
It showed a singing girl, and a boy playing a music box.
"Tipi, is this...?"
"It's you and Shiona, Rei. When you were playing music in the plaza."
So Tipi really had been watching us through the curtains after all.
When I imagined Tipi watching us all on her own, for some reason my chest stung a little.
"What is it, Rei? Does something hurt?"
The girl was looking up at me with eyes full of grief.
Trying to comfort her, I put my hand on Tipi's head.
"It's alright. It's nothing. That's a really good drawing."
"Thanks... I'm happy to hear that."
As I patted her head, Tipi drew closer to me.
But her face looked so sad and lonely...
From the bottom of my heart, I wanted to see her smile.
"You said you draw a picture every day. Do you have your other drawings?"
"Yeah, I do. This way, Rei."
Tipi stood up, grabbed my hand, and led me deeper into the library.
And there were her drawings.
Tipi must have put them up herself. Several drawings were displayed quite low on the wall.
"I drew this one yesterday, and this one the day before, and this one the day before that..."
Tipi explained each drawing to me.
There was a picture of a boy and a girl holding hands.
A picture of a boy visiting the girl, and another girl.
Then, a picture of a girl crying all alone.
So that was it.
These drawings were Tipi's diary.
After those first few drawings, picture after picture showed the girl crying alone.
After I came here, Tipi wasn't alone anymore.
In the drawings, the girl's expression seemed to be growing softer.
That must have been an expression of Tipi's own emotions.
But her expression was still full of grief.
I really wanted to make this girl smile as well.
But what could I do to help her?
I couldn't think of an answer.
The only thing I could think of was to spend time with Tipi like this.
"Hey, Rei, what book are you looking for here today?"
Still looking sad, Tipi tugged on my sleeve and looked up at me.
"I'm looking for some equipment that can play a video... Is there a book that could help me with that?"
"Yeah, there is. It's a little far away though."
"Can you show me, please?"
"Sure. Here we go."
Then Tipi spread both her arms wide.
The teddy bear in her right hand was now dangling in the air.
"Hold me."
I picked Tipi up.
Like before, Tipi rubbed her cheek against my chest.
"It's that way, Rei."
I started following her directions to the book I was looking for.
The book was on the second floor of the library.
There was a whole corner of shelves with books about projectors old and new from around the world.
"I'm sure the book you're looking for must be here."
All of the books here were handwritten, like the music box book and the map.
But it seemed there were many kinds of projectors, and some were made to use film or disks.
"What kind are you looking for?"
"Do you know something that can play from a chip about this size?"
I show her the size of Madd's chip with my fingers.
"Hmm... Was it perfectly square? Or was it a square that was missing a corner?"
"I think... one of the corners was cut across diagonally."
I hadn't gotten a really close look at it, so I couldn't say with confidence.
But Tipi gave a little nod.
"Like the shape of the chip Madd has?"
"Yes, I'm talking about Madd's chip."
I was surprised that Tipi knew about Madd, but it wasn't really strange, since he was the owner of the town's general store.
After all, Shiona knew about Madd's chip, too. Maybe the whole town knew.
And maybe everyone also knew that Madd was too stubborn to try to watch it.
"Umm... In that case... Here."
Tipi stood up on her tip-toes, and pointed to a book on a shelf she could just barely reach.
"You're amazing, Tipi! You really do know where every book is."
"Heh heh. I got a compliment!"
Tipi pressed her face against my stomach.
I stroked her head as I picked up the book and looked inside.
It was more like an instruction manual than a book.
Myum Inc. Projectors
It also had clear, simple details about its internal structure and wiring.
Apparently it was a portable oblique projector that could display the content from disks on screens or white walls.
If I could find this machine, I could show Madd the video on his chip.
"Thank you, Tipi. I got the information I wanted."
"Are you going already?"
Tipi looked up at me sadly.
"...Yeah, I'm sorry."
"Nooo! Don't go!"
Maybe Tipi was trying to keep me from leaving.
She grabbed on to me.
Her innocent warmth shook my resolve.
But I had to leave.
Right then, I wanted to make Madd happy.
I wanted to see Madd smile.
"Tipi, I promise. I swear I'll come back tomorrow."
"Tomorrow...? Really...?"
"Yes, really. I promise."
"You won't disappear?"
"No, I won't disappear. I promise, I'll come every day."
"...Okay. I'll be waiting for you."
Reluctantly, I left the blue girl Tipi alone in the library.
"You again! Just what did you come here for!?"
The moment I entered the shop, I was met by Madd's anger.
I wanted to run away and escape.
I wanted to cover my ears.
But I didn't.
Because I wanted to grant Madd's wish.
"Madd, I have a favor to ask. Please lend me your son's chip."
"That chip with your son's movie on it."
"Why would I lend it to you!? Don't make me laugh!!"
"Please... I'm begging you."
"You've butted in enough already! Just cut it out already!"
"I... I just want to do something useful for you, Madd!!"
"Something useful?"
Madd's glare grew even grimmer, activating my fear emotion, and I felt my throat contract.
The power left the moving parts in my knees, and I felt dizzy.
I wanted to run away... but I couldn't falter now.
"I heard from Shiona about that chip. She said that your son left this town to be a movie director. That's a movie that your son sent, right? But you don't have a machine to play it, so you haven't seen it, right?"
I pushed back my fear and spoke quickly.
Perhaps put off guard by my rush of words, Madd looked at me, a bit of surprise in his eyes.
"I just went to the library. I looked up the type of projector needed to play it."
"You... went to the library?"
When I mentioned the library, Madd looked even more surprised.
"Yes... I'll look for a machine that can play that chip. Even if the projector is broken, I'll fix it. If I can't find one, I'll find the parts and make a new one."
"Why would you do all that? It has nothing to do with you."
"It may have nothing to do with me, but I want to do it."
"I just want to do something helpful for you... That's all. So please."
It was silent for a while.
Was this silence an acknowledgement, or...
"He was an awful, idiot son."
Madd sat down on his chair and looked up at the ceiling.
He started speaking to me, sounding a little sad.
He and I always fought.
Every time we saw each other, we ended up in an argument.
So he started avoiding me.
Or maybe I was the one avoiding him.
At any rate, we got to where we wouldn't even look at each other.
So when he told me he wanted to talk with me, I was surprised.
"I'm leaving this town."
"Leaving town? What are you talking about?"
"I'm going to leave town and become a movie director. I really love movies."
"Stop dreaming and look at the real world. You could never be a director. There's no way you could cut it."
"You don't know that for sure! I'll never know unless I try!"
"I do know. I'm your dad. Nobody wants to watch a movie made by a director with no talent."
"There are people who have noticed me! I've done things! You just won't admit it!"
"I can't even dream when I'm in this town!"
"A town like this? You wanna say that one more time?"
"I'll say it as many times as you want. Because I can't stand staying in a shop like this, in a town like this, living a life like this!"
"You... You watch what you're..."
"I'll say it as many times as you want! You're just afraid of change!"
"Ever since Mom died, every day you've done the same exact--"
Without thinking, I punched him.
"...Yeah, just like that. Always with the violence. I've had enough."
"...Then go."
"Yeah, that's what I'll do. And you just keep on doing the same old thing forever here."
My son left our house.
And he never contacted me even once after that.
The only thing he sent me was this movie on a chip.
Just how did he expect me to watch it without a machine to play it?
He was so selfish. I could never forgive him.
I didn't want to watch his movie.
And I especially didn't want to see his face.
I was surprised at Madd talking so uncharacteristically.
But the more I heard of his feelings, the more strongly I felt my own.
If Madd really hated his son, he had no reason to carry around a chip he couldn't play.
And if his son really hated him, he wouldn't have sent his movie.
I knew he wanted Madd to see his movie.
I was sure that he had put real feeling into it when he sent Madd that chip.
That was why I wanted to show that movie to Madd.
I bowed my head again.
"Please! Lend me the chip!"
Madd walked up to me wordlessly.
I was prepared for him to scream at me, but I wasn't scared anymore.
My will to help him was stronger than my fear.
But then Madd handed me the chip in his hand.
"Do whatever the hell you want."
Once again, I stared at the chip he had handed me.
It was a metallic core covered by organic glass, with rainbow-colored electronic circuits.
I recalled the chip from my information. It was a general purpose chip used to backup Phiroid memories.
Since it had become a global standard, most makers used this format.
That means it should be playable even without a Myum projector.
I clutched the chip tightly in my head, and bowed in the direction Madd had gone.
The disused factory outside of town.
I stepped into the pile of trash behind the factory.
I figured that this was the only place where I might find a machine to play Madd's chip.
If there had been one in town, he would have already used it.
There were lots of machines in among the junk.
Some had broken cords, or had rusted over.
They all looked totally unusable.
It seemed unlikely that I would find the projector I was looking for here. But I thought I could find a circuit board or maybe some parts.
With those, I could make a new machine to play the chip, just as I'd said to Madd.
This was the only place I could count on.
If I couldn't do something here, then Madd's expression would stay as it was forever.
I couldn't let that happen.
I didn't want to let that happen.
With that sole thought in mind, I dug through the mountain of scrap.
But no matter how much I searched, I couldn't find a likely piece of equipment.
Madd himself had probably searched at some point.
No... Perhaps Madd was still searching even then.
Shiona had told me how Madd would fix things he found in this garbage dump and sell them at the shop.
But maybe the real reason was to find a projector to play the chip from his son.
If that were the case, then how must Madd feel having been unable to find it after all this time...?
Picking up other things instead of a projector... What could he be thinking while he fixed them?
And while he was feeling that way, I broke his clock.
Ah... I see... So that's why he was so angry.
To Madd, that clock was a part of the process for restoring something important.
I was just speculating. However, I was hoping it was true.
Because if it was, then it wouldn't be easy for me to find the thing Madd had spent so much time searching for.
But I wasn't going to give up.
Since I had broken his clock, finding the projector Madd was looking for would be a grand form of redemption...
Just as I was dragging a huge piece of machinery, bigger than myself...
I felt something strange in my right hand.
It was just a slight feeling... One of the joints in my fingers felt a little awkward.
Perhaps it was out of oil, or maybe something had broken.
It might not have been a good idea to continue working.
I couldn't make myself stop.
Madd must have searched the entire area that stretched out before me.
I looked up at the pile of scrap that towered over me.
As I was lighter than Madd, I could probably climb it.
With that thought, I began to climb up the misshapen stairs that the scrap had formed.
I could feel water hitting my back.
When I looked up at the sky, large raindrops were pouring down.
"Rei, please stop."
I heard a voice from down below me.
I turned around, and Shiona was there.
She was getting soaked by the rain as she looked up at me.
"It's raining. You'll catch a cold if you keep this up."
"I'm okay. Thanks, but I'll search a little longer."
"Even if you don't find it, Madd will be happy that you tried so hard for him."
"It's all right, Shiona. Just a little longer."
I kept searching.
From behind me, Shiona continued our one-sided exchange.
"But you're already soaked. Please stop. Aren't you tired? No one will be upset at you if you give up, Rei."
She spoke soothingly.
"I'm worried about your health. Please stop? I'd be sad if you got hurt, Rei....It's important to know when to quit, you know."
"There may be another way. Let's go home for today. I made some orange powapowa soup."
"Let's go home... Rei, come on... Please, Rei... I'm worried about you, Rei..."
But still I continued.
Refusing to give in to the pouring rain, I kept searching.
I pulled up a decayed iron plate.
As I did so, a small scrap avalanche started to fall.
Scrap metal rolled down with a roar, stabbing into the ground at my feet, and I dodged backwards.
"Rei, look out!"
I turned around at the sound of Shiona's voice, and saw the mountain of scrap behind me coming down towards me.
The pile behind me had started an avalanche as well.
It seemed about to swallow me up, but I somehow managed to climb on top of the scrap as it crumbled down around me.
After a while the rumbling stopped, and only the sound of the rain remained.
"Rei, are you okay? You're not hurt?"
"No, I'm okay... That was close."
"It really was... I'm so glad you're safe. I'm so glad..."
Shiona's voice was filled with relief.
I stood up, as if to prove to her that I was all right.
"Oh... Rei, look."
Shiona pointed to spot close to my feet, her eyes wide.
It was the pile of trash that had just come crashing down. In it was a familiar-looking machine.
It was the same as the machine in the book that Tipi showed me.
I dug it out to look at it, and engraved on the front was the label "Myum".
"This is it... Shiona, here it is! It was here after all!"
I lifted it up high so that Shiona could see.
As I tilted it, water poured out from inside the machine.
"I've got it! I've got it, Shiona! I finally found it! Now Madd can finally watch that movie!"
"Yes, but... I think that machine's broken...?"
"Wait, what?"
At Shiona's words, I brought the machine close to my face to look at it.
She was right. The machine we found - the "Myum Inc. projector" - was clearly broken.
It was missing the lens needed to project.
There was also a large crack on the top, and when I peered inside it, I could see that the parts inside were covered in rust.
I couldn't show a movie with this.
"It's a shame... But Rei, let's go home, okay?"
Shiona held her hand out to me.
I took her hand in my own.
Her warmth sunk into my hand, which had grown cold in the rain.
When we reached the town again, the rain had stopped.
But my mood was still cloudy.
I wondered if I could really fix the projector I carried in my arms.
I fully intended to fix it, but when I saw the damaged machine with my own eyes, I felt my resolve falter.
"What are you doing all soaked like that?"
He called out to us suddenly, as we were on our way back to the church.
When we turned around, we saw the photographer who had taken our picture before.
"I was just looking for something."
"Looking for something? I see. So did you find it?"
"Yes... but..."
"Is something wrong?"
"He did find it, but it's so broken he can't use it."
I was feeling too discouraged to speak, so Shiona answered for me.
"Now I see. That's too bad. By the way, what were you planning to use it for?"
"Actually... I was hoping to play the chip that Madd always carries around."
"Madd? Oh, the chip his son sent him, right?"
"Yes. I wanted to make Madd happy instead of angry all the time, but..."
"You truly wanted to do that?"
The photographer asked kindly, but also as though he was testing me.
"Yes, of course."
I answered without hesitation.
"Madd... he always looks so angry. I think he's in a lot of pain. But I think if he just had the chance, he could smile. And I think that if people can smile, they can be happy. And then other people who see that can be happy too."
After saying all that, I looked at Shiona.
"I... learned that from Shiona."
Shiona looked surprised at my words, but then immediately smiled.
Yes, that was the expression. That was the face that could spread to others, making the people around them happy.
The moment Shiona smiled, my own heart grew warm.
"I see... Could you show that to me, please?"
The photographer pointed at the projector I was carrying. I silently held out the broken machine.
The photographer looked it over closely.
"I see. This is really bad. And it's missing too many parts to be fixed."
I felt crushed hearing the photographer, someone who regularly maintains cameras, declare it beyond repair.
He must have noticed how depressed I felt, and he gave a pained smile as he passed the projector back to me.
"Rei, let's hurry home, okay? We'll catch a cold."
"That's right. It's not good for you to sit around so wet from the rain. You should go home for now and get into some dry clothes."
If I asked anything more, I'd be bothering the photographer as well.
I might be fine, but as a human, Shiona could catch a cold.
I clutched the projector close and bowed to the photographer, and we headed back to the church.
When we got back to the church, Shiona dried my hair with a fluffy towel.
She dried me off quickly and kindly, taking care not to scratch.
"It's too bad about the projector."
"Yeah, but it was a trash heap, after all. It's no wonder that it was broken."
I should have thought of that in the first place. But I had just hoped that everything would go well.
I thought if I wished for it, that it would work out. That if I tried hard enough, I'd get the results I wanted.
But I was learning that reality wasn't so kind.
"It can't be helped. You tried your hardest, Rei. No one will complain."
"But... But, I wanted to show the movie to Madd."
"Yeah... You're really kind, Rei."
"It's not a question of kindness or anything. I just think that that's what I'm supposed to do."
"But just knowing you feel that way will make Madd happy. That's enough."
"I hope so, but..."
"At any rate, let's warm up, okay? I'll go get a drink to warm up both your body and your mood."
Shiona walked toward the kitchen with a smile, folding up the towel she'd used to dry my hair.
I sat down in a chair and sighed.
I looked at the broken projector on the table.
...But there was no point in getting depressed.
Even though it was broken, when I thought about it, it was better than nothing.
Even if it took a long time, if I could fix this projector little by little, eventually I should be able to play the chip.
The book I borrowed from Tipi had instructions for disassembly, to be used for maintenance.
If I followed it closely, I should be able to fix the projector.
As for the missing parts, I could search for them one by one at the factory.
I wanted Madd to smile. I wanted to see him make the face that Shiona made when I fixed the music box.
Once again, I strengthened my resolve to fix the projector.
Just after that, I noticed a commotion in the main part of the church.
"Pardon me."
When I opened the door and looked inside, I saw the photographer.
And behind him were many other townspeople.
"What's going on?"
As I asked curiously, the townspeople approached me with smiles on their faces and held out their hands.
"This is a piece of my broken clock. Please use it if you can."
"I thought this wire might be a match."
"You can use my light."
"No, use my light."
"I have lots of tools at my house, so please use them as much as you like."
All sorts of pieces of electrical equipment and wiring, circuits, gears, and screws started piling up on the table.
I stood there dumbfounded, unable to understand what was going on, and the photographer smiled brightly.
"Um... What's all this?"
"You're going to fix that projector, right? When I told the others, they brought along some things they thought you might need. You might not need all these things, but it's always good to have some extra supplies, right?"
"But why...?"
"These are all people who were moved by the song you and Shiona performed. They wanted to thank you. And I'm one of them as well."
The photographer took out a lens, and put it in my hand.
"This... It's a camera lens, but it might fit."
I felt something warm inside my chest.
I felt it building up more and more.
Then the warmth reached the back of my eyes, growing hotter and hotter.
I couldn't seem to find any words to say. I wanted to speak, but my lips just trembled.
Shiona looked at me kindly, holding a steaming cup.
"Shiona... My chest feels so warm. Why?"
"Rei, that's because you're feeling happy."
As she spoke, Shiona came up to me and handed me the cup full of warm, fragrant liquid.
"You wanted to make Madd smile, and this is everyone's response. Everyone else wants to make Madd smile too, through you."
"I'm not causing problems, am I...? I just went ahead and started all this without asking."
"If they thought this was a problem, they wouldn't all be smiling so warmly."
I looked at each of the people who brought me supplies.
They held up the supplies in their hands so I could see them, and smiled at me.
"Everyone... Thank you so much."
I got to work on the repairs right there, using the supplies and tools they brought.
When I reached a spot I didn't understand by myself, someone would help me, and I made progress.
I dried the machine off, and carefully filed off the rust. I fixed the broken circuits with copper foil.
I heated up a screwdriver until it was red-hot, and used it to fix the detached solder.
"No, not like that, like this."
"No, no, this part should go this way."
"You're both wrong! It's definitely this way!"
Not like this, not like that.
It was noisy, but happy and lively, as we all did the repairs together.
And finally...
It was patched up and cobbled together; ugly, but fixed.
"Thank you so much, everyone."
"Don't worry about it. Just let us hear that song again sometime in exchange."
"My children loved it. Please play it again."
"It really set the mood for me and my boyfriend."
"When I heard that song... it reminded me of old times."
"That song is so fun. I love it!"
The machine we built together was not a pretty one.
It looked quite different from the pictures in the book.
But it was the only projector in the world that we had all built together.
I felt as happy as I think it's possible to feel.
Everyone there was happy to see it complete.
"Now all you have to do is test it."
At his words, I looked around the room.
When I thought of it, I hadn't seen any electricity in this town.
The photographer used an analog camera as well.
"Umm, could it be that there's no electricity in this town...?"
Everyone looked startled by my question.
The room grew awkward, as though I'd touched on a taboo subject.
Even the photographer, who'd suggested testing the projector, went quiet.
"The library."
Shiona spoke up, breaking the awkward silence.
"This town doesn't have electricity, but there is still a storage battery."
"And that's at the library?"
"That's right."
It was as though I'd seen a ray of hope.
I felt my expression soften.
But Shiona... Although she was smiling, her eyes looked somehow sad.
The next day, Shiona and I went to the library together.
We brought the hand-made movie projector we put together with the townspeople yesterday.
"I had no idea that there was equipment like this here."
The library counter was furnished with a device that allowed electricity produced using sunlight to be stored in a portable battery.
Apparently, it was the only device of its kind remaining in this town.
However, the solar panels were aged and unable to produce a lot of electricity.
For this town, electricity was precious.
The people of the town allowed me to use something precious to them in my own selfish errand.
Just so long as I played music for them again, they said.
But there was something I couldn't shake.
I had a feeling that this place, the library, had special meaning for the townspeople.
Everyone's reaction yesterday. Thinking back, even Madd's expression changed when I decided to go to the library.
But it seemed too soon to be making strange conjectures.
As I tore my gaze from the battery beginning to charge, I looked toward Shiona while trying to hide the uneasiness in my heart.
"I'm going to have to get you to sing again."
"Right, I'll put all my feelings of gratitude toward everyone into my singing."
Shiona turned to me with her usual smile.
Beside her was Tipi.
Tipi was looking to her with a slightly perplexed expression.
Coming to think of it, this was the first time I had seen these two together.
"Tipi, how long until it's charged?"
"Hmm... In about thirty minutes, maybe."
"That's surprisingly quick."
"Does this mean I can only be with you for another thirty minutes...?"
Tipi made a wide detour around Shiona and clutched my leg.
Her sad expression was unchanged.
But even so, I felt that sadness had calmed just a little bit.
I petted Tipi's head with my palm.
As I stroked Tipi's silky hair over and over, she pressed her cheek to my leg.
"You two. That's enough."
Shiona forced her way between Tipi and me.
"Ah... Rei, Rei..."
Tipi reached out in search of me.
But her hands didn't reach me.
"Rei, can I speak to you for a moment?"
Shiona grabbed my arm and pulled me over to a wall.
Her sweet scent tickled my nose.
"Rei, Tipi is a girl. Do you know what I mean?"
"I get it. She's attached to me. It's cute."
"That's not it... I don't think you should touch her so freely, or get too close to her."
"Why's that? I think it's fine if she's happy."
"I mean... I don't think it's good to casually touch girls over a certain age."
"Over a certain age, sure, but isn't Tipi still a child?"
"Girls age on the inside faster than their appearance does. She's already got a pink heart."
"Pink...? What does that mean?"
"Pink is pink. So I don't think it's a good idea."
Shiona seemed to be losing her composure, an unusual sight.
She was speaking to me with a smile, but her cheeks were a little puffed out.
Thinking on it, when I decided I was going to the library, her smile always went a little stiff.
It looked like she didn't like me trying to be friendly with Tipi very much.
Even now, it looked almost like she was competing with Tipi.
"Hey, Shiona. Is this, just maybe, the feeling they call 'jealousy'?"
At my words, her eyes went wide and she gulped.
Her gaze moved around restlessly, and she tried not to look my way.
It was the first time I'd seen this look on Shiona, who never let her smile fade.
I reached my hand out to her head.
"Huh? Rei...?"
Then I petted her hair gently, as I had with Tipi.
"Ah... What are you doing all of a sudden, Rei? What's the matter?"
Her hair was smooth and pleasant to the touch, unlike Tipi's. Each time I petted it, I could smell its fragrance.
It was the type of hair that made you want to pet it forever.
"R-Rei? I'm getting a little embarrassed here. Please?"
"Ah, sorry. I just felt like I should do that, sort of."
I didn't really understand, but looking at Shiona right then made my chest grow warm.
A sensation close to the joy I knew before was welling up within me.
"A-Anyway, you shouldn't let her be too clingy. Okay? Can you promise me?"
"If you say so, I will."
Because that was all I could do.
We headed back to Tipi.
She was looking up at us uneasily.
"What happened? Did I do something wrong? And now you guys are mad?"
Tipi's eyebrows scrunched up together sadly.
"It's all right. It's nothing."
"Really? You guys really, really aren't mad? But Shiona's face... It's all red?"
"N-No, it's not! My face isn't red or hot or anything!"
"Um... Okay, I see."
Tipi shed tears, seemingly relieved.
In truth, I wanted to wipe away those tears with my fingers, but I knew Shiona would hate that.
So I decided to hold back that urge.
I powered on the projector, which had finished charging.
The low whine of the motor sounded out, and the cooling fans started to turn.
The light at the top indicating that it was starting up was flickering.
It was an electric light, something I hadn't seen in a while. Shiona, Tipi, and I watched it flicker with amazed eyes.
"Um... And the chip goes..."
There was an exposed control panel on the side of the projector, its cover broken.
In the center, there was a spot to insert a chip.
I slowly inserted the chip that Madd gave me to look after.
The reading indicator light flashed red hurriedly as the projector checked the data inside the chip.
We watched with bated breath.
After about 10 seconds, the gaps between the flickers grew shorter, and the light turned green.
"Does this mean everything is okay?"
Mixed with anxiety and excitement, my voice went shrill.
"Yes. The projector is fixed, and the data inside is okay too."
A weight lifted off my chest at Shiona's words. I knew the corners of my lips were rising spontaneously.
I felt "joy" in the satisfaction that comes from accomplishing something new.
Having charged the projector and checked that it was working, we headed to Madd's shop.
Tipi stayed at the library, saying she was sleepy.
I wanted us to see it together after all our hard work, but Shiona chided me, saying that it wasn't good to push her.
"I wonder if Madd will be happy."
"Y-Yeah... I'm sure he will be."
"That would be nice, since it's something all of the townspeople made together. Everyone put their feelings into it, so it's even greater."
"R-Right... Yeah."
"What's up, Shiona? Did something happen?"
Shiona had grown distant somehow.
"No. It's nothing."
"I see... I just felt something was off..."
"More importantly, Rei, today is cloudier than usual. It makes the heart gray, too,"
she whispered, looking up at the sky.
I looked up at the sky too, but I didn't see any difference from the usual.
In fact, the dust in the air had settled after the rain, and I felt like it was a bit easier to breathe.
"And it's so soggy, it's making me feel hollow. So Rei, why don't we rest at home today? We can get powapowa with some orange soup."
Was something in the air or situation making Shiona uncomfortable?
I felt that what she was saying had to be hiding what she really wanted to say.
But I was unsure of what that meant.
I couldn't imagine Shiona as the type to do something unsavory.
"But everyone really worked hard to make this. I want to show Madd his son's video right away."
"Right... You're right."
With that, she went silent.
She couldn't have been mad.
She matched my steps, and followed alongside me.
I caught a bit of gloom in her expression.
When we reached Madd's shop, we walked inside the dim store interior.
"Hey... what are you doing, just letting yourselves in?"
From inside the shop came Madd's rumbling voice.
He was in his chair, staring straight at us.
"Hello there, Madd. Um... here."
I pulled out the cobbled-together projector.
Madd scowled at it as if he were giving it an appraisal.
"What's that? We don't buy trash here."
"It's not trash. It's nothing special to look at, but it's a projector that can play your son's video."
"My son's video? I don't remember asking you to make me anything like that."
"You didn't. I did it myself. But all sorts of people in town helped to make it. Everyone wants you to see the video."
"I said, I don't remember asking for that."
"I know. I did it of my own accord. And what I do next is also of my own accord. If you're going to stop me, do it now."
I tried to walk forward,
but Shiona pulled at my sleeve from behind to stop me.
"Rei, he's all purple with rage... We should stop for today. Why not try another day?"
"Shiona, we came all this way. He might say all that, but he must want to see his son's video. If he doesn't now, he never will."
"And if he really didn't want to, he would have already thrown me out."
It was just a guess from all of his actions until now, but I felt certain.
"It's all right, Shiona. Don't look so worried. Everything's okay."
I gave a strong nod, trying to eliminate her uneasiness.
"I understand, Rei. If you want to do it, then do as you wish."
Shiona let go of my sleeve.
I stepped forward again.
I placed the device on the counter, shutting the door of the shop.
Next, I completely closed all of the curtains on the windows.
The shop interior, dark at the best of times, grew dimmer still.
The perfect lighting for playing a movie.
Then, I powered on the recently-charged projector, the fans humming as they turned, and before long the light turned on.
A square light floated on the wall of the shop.
I adjusted the lens I got from the Photographer, setting the focus.
Madd simply watched intently as I worked.
"Madd, I'm going to play the movie. Is that okay?"
"...do whatever the hell you want."
He didn't refuse me.
I was convinced that was the answer he wanted to give.
I drew my finger near the button on the control panel...
And pressed play.
Madd watched the square light with a grave expression.
The story began in the light.
It was the story of a young boy.
It was a time when the sky was still blue and nature flourished.
Born in a small house in a small town, he never knew his mother.
He lived with his father, who provided a bare minimum of care. One could hardly call the relationship a family.
As the boy grew, so did the divide between him and his father.
They fought every time they were together.
They both refused to have even a short conversation.
Eventually, they even stopped making eye contact.
The boy started coming home less and less, and began heading down a bad path in life.
Seeing this, his father hit him without saying a word.
With his brow furrowed deeper than ever before...
The boy dashed out of his home and left the town.
However, that was only the beginning of a difficult time for him.
He found himself used and betrayed by those he thought friends. His body and soul became battered.
There was one woman who supported him.
Meeting her helped guide him back to a proper path.
Washing his hands of evil deeds, the boy moved to a new town to start his life over again.
He finally had a family.
They had a son, and he believed without a shadow of a doubt that he and his beloved wife would live happily ever after.
However, illness came and stole her life away.
There was no time to despair.
He had to work feverishly to raise their child.
However, due to the intensity of his focus on work, he failed to notice the gap that was growing between his son and himself.
Whenever their mouths opened, arguments followed.
Their days of simply passing each other by continued.
Then, as though in condemnation, his own son began heading down the wrong path...
He thought it was a punishment.
Was this what he had done to his own father?
He cursed his younger self.
He stared at his hands, wondering what he could do to stop his son.
If he opened up his arms and proceeded with warmth and care, perhaps he could redirect his son.
If clenched, his hands could show his son the severity of the situation.
As a father, he had to choose.
He clenched his fists.
The hand he had used to strike his son was hot, his chest tightened painfully... and his brow furrowed deeply.
However, as his son held his swollen, red cheek, he began to cry.
He said that having been scolded by his father, he realized he was actually cared for...
Hearing that, he began to cry himself.
Why hadn't he realized so long ago what his own son had just now?
After striking him, his father's face had not been filled with anger, but rather with sorrow.
He took his son with him to the town of his birth, which he had not seen for over twenty years.
It had barely changed from the time he had run away.
Nor had the house where he was born.
However, his aged father had become much smaller than the man he had remembered, as though diminished by age.
Standing in front of his father, he bit his lip as tears began to flow.
Silently, his father struck his shoulder gently, then spoke a single phrase.
Madd's son's movie was a fairly old type of human drama.
I had no idea if this was interesting or not.
Perhaps I would have known if my emotional functions had been working properly.
But Madd's gaze was fixed on the picture.
Silent from start to end, he watched the movie.
The credits rolled as it finished, and the screen went black.
It was done.
Giving a look my way, Shiona reached for the stop button on the projector with her finger.
The moment her dainty fingertip was about to touch the button, I grabbed her hand.
"Um? Rei?"
She looked at me curiously. But I was staring at the screen.
The pitch black screen. A few words slowly rose to the center.
Those words, probably handwritten, were full of distinct "emotion."
"This movie is dedicated to my father."
Gradually the text merged into the darkened screen and disappeared.
Then the movie had silently announced its ending.
Silence filled the place.
Even when I turned off the power, Madd continued staring fixedly at where the screen had been.
"Madd... The movie is over."
A sigh came in response to my words.
"What a boring movie,"
he murmured in a small voice I didn't think possible for him.
"So boring I'm tuckered out from trying not to yawn."
He wiped away the wetness that had welled up in his eyes from the yawns he was holding back, stood from his chair, and retrieved the chip from the projector.
He held it tightly in his palm and returned to his seat.
"Go home already,"
he said in a dull tone, eyes closing as if he was thinking something over.
Had his son's feelings not come through during the film?
Was the movie nothing to Madd?
If so, what I had done was for naught.
My chest tightened and I called out to Madd hurriedly, thinking I needed to say something.
But Shiona pulled lightly at my clothing, interrupting me.
"Rei, it's fine."
The ends of her eyebrows lowered, Shiona smiled.
"Madd just isn't being earnest. Let's leave him be for now. Okay?"
Not being earnest...?
So what Madd had said meant the complete opposite?
"Madd is so very light and fluid now. He's filled with a beautiful light blue. All thanks to you."
"Is that right? In that case, then..."
I felt a warmth inside my chest.
I knew this feeling.
It was the feeling of "joy."
I was happy that Madd was happy.
Unbelievably happy that I'd been helpful.
We quietly left the stop so as not to disturb Madd.
We left the projector behind, so he could still see the movie whenever he wanted.
When we left the shop, we saw a faint orange light across the sky.
It was a color that seemed to reflect our feelings.
"It's so great that Madd was happy."
"It is."
But it was a somewhat sad smile.
"Hm? What do you mean?"
"You look a bit sad."
"Do I? It's not like that. It warms my heart that Madd was happy."
"Yeah? Then everything is fine, I guess."
"Hey, Rei. Why don't we have a feast today?"
"A feast? Why?"
"Because today will be the anniversary of the day you made Madd happy."
"The anniversary... Yeah, it will be, won't it?"
"I'll make orange soup and we can get powapowa for the day."
"Yeah, all right. I'll help with the cooking."
"Thank you. I'm so happy, Rei."
Her hand touched my hand.
Our hands intertwined naturally, neither of us taking the lead.
A warmth came from inside the hand she held.
The orange sky was finally being swallowed up by the dark of night that had crept up.
The next day, we decided we'd sing in the plaza as we'd promised everyone who helped us fix the projector.
After all our effort we wanted Madd to hear it as well, so we visited his shop.
But the door was closed.
Even though it was a time when he would normally be open already, there was a sign that read "Closed" hanging out front.
The shop door was locked, and we couldn't go inside.
We peeked through the crack of the door and looked inside the shop.
The projector was still on the counter.
Nothing had changed since yesterday.
The chair Madd had been sitting on was hidden by a shelf, out of sight.
"I wonder what happened with Madd. Maybe he's not feeling well."
"I knew this would happen."
"You knew? What do you mean?"
I tilted my head at Shiona, who almost seemed to have been aware that the shop would be closed.
"Halfway through the movie yesterday, Madd was bright red and irritated, but it went away."
"Red and irritated?"
"Yes, I think he lost the need to hold back. It was the first time I'd ever seen him so quiet."
Shiona smiled worriedly.
"Madd was always holding something back?"
"That's right. Really, he had always wanted to reconcile with his son. He wanted to rush off to his son. But Madd is always bright red and harsh, right? So he didn't have any excuse to go."
"So, then maybe the movie yesterday...?"
"Right. Since you showed him his son's movie, he was able to be honest with himself."
"Does that mean he went to see his son?"
"Yeah. I think he left the town."
She smiled sweetly. With her smile, I really felt like I'd been helpful to Madd.
My chest immediately went hot, and I blurted out my feelings.
"Wow! Shiona, that's great! It's just like the movie! It's pretty much the same, except the father went to go see the son instead!"
"Yeah, it is. It's really amazing. But I just have one concern."
"A concern?"
She let out a little sigh as her expression clouded.
What could be bothering her even with Madd reconciling with his son?
"I don't think he'll be back for a while, so we won't be able to get the ingredients for our powapowa orange soup,"
she said with a serious face.
"That... is a problem."
"Right? But if we ration what we have now, we'll be all right for a little while."
Her stiff expression crumbled, and broke into a grin.
Seeing her like that, I felt my cheeks move spontaneously.
From the depths of my chest, something warm welled up in me.
I wasn't sure what I should call the sensation, but it was a very satisfying feeling.
"I hope he comes back soon. I definitely want to hear about it. Maybe he might even come back with his son. That'd be even better."
"It would. I hope that happens."
Little by little I was learning about emotions. I could really feel it.
I was getting closer to the image of my ideal.
I wanted to help people more and more.
I wanted to learn many more emotions.
Those feelings were the motivation that drove me, more than anything.
"Let's get going, Rei. It's getting late."
"You're right. Let's hurry. I wonder how many people we can make smile today?"
"A lot, I'm sure. Many more than yesterday."
"Because your singing voice is so beautiful."
"It's because we have your performance."
"You call it a performance, but I'm just turning a handle."
"That's important. If the person turning the handle is kind, the song will spread through the air all fluffy and light."
Smiling, Shiona spread out both of her hands gently.
"If it was just my singing, I'm sure no one would stop. Your performance complements my singing. Thank you, Rei."
My face burned hot.
"Shiona, what's happening? My face is really hot."
"You're right. Your face is bright red. You must be feeling shy."
"Shy? This is the emotion of shyness?"
"Right, you're an unexpectedly shy guy, Rei. It's cute."
My face grew hotter and hotter at Shiona's words.
Leaving behind Madd's shop, we arrived at the plaza.
Many people had already gathered there before we'd even arrived.
"We were waiting for you two. Best of luck!"
"My kid has been asking to go hear your song since yesterday. We'd love to listen."
"Your songs are comforting. Thank you."
"Mister, miss, play a song!"
Everyone who we met was waiting for our melodies.
And they were all smiling.
This was it.
What I'd been looking for.
Doing something to make people happy, to earn their gratitude.
I'd been looking for this.
It felt so great.
It made my chest so warm inside.
I'd always wanted to get a taste of this feeling.
"Shiona, let's start. Let's make everyone smile."
"Yeah, of course."
I turned the handle of the music box just like I had yesterday.
The melody came pouring out.
Shiona spun a melody in time with the song.
And that melody spread out into a circle of big smiles.
Smiles that spread throughout the town.
I was happy for that more than anything.
And seeing Shiona beside me as she happily sang brought me joy.
The townspeople were lost in the music with grinning faces, just as they were yesterday.
The circle of smiles expanded.
Suddenly, I felt a slight discomfort in the hand I used to turn the music box handle.
My right hand, in the glove that I used to hide my mechanical parts.
I felt a slight, strange catch in that hand as it turned the handle.
"Hey, that machine yesterday, how'd that go?"
While gathering our things after the performance, I looked up after being spoken to.
There stood the photographer and the townspeople who had supplied us with parts.
"We were able to play the movie, and Madd was happy. Thanks to all of you."
"I see, that's good. It was worth asking everyone."
"It's really all thanks to all of you. Thank you."
"Oh no, it was no problem... But it was all due to your strength that things turned out this way."
"Yes. Because you took to action, all of these people came to help."
"But that's because everyone is kind. All I did was start things."
"That's true too, of course. But you don't know until you try, and nothing will change if you don't. It's not about who was most important or who to praise. There's a special value in being the first to make a move."
Starting with the photographer, everyone who helped me out smiled a warm smile.
"Don't hesitate to tell us if you need anything. We'll do what we can to help."
After he spoke, everyone scattered and left the area.
I was thinking as I looked at their backs as they left.
"Hey, Shiona."
"Yes, Rei?"
"I really do want to make even more people happy."
"Making people happy is really wonderful."
"It is. It's lovely that you can see things that way, Rei."
I felt a little happy being praised by Shiona.
I could tell the inside of my chest was gradually getting warm.
"So I want to help all kinds of people and make myself useful to them. I want to meet more and more people, and help resolve their troubles and concerns."
"If you want to do that, I think you should."
"Then, Shiona, let's go find them! Let's go help the people with troubles in this town!"
"Hold on."
"Um, Rei, I think that's a bit off the mark."
I was convinced that Shiona would support my idea.
But she shook her head from side to side with concern in her eyes.
"Helping people is definitely wonderful. But I don't think you should push that on anyone."
"Push it on them? But I didn't have any intention of doing that."
"Of course. I understand how you feel. But there are some obstacles and problems that people have to overcome on their own. If you help them out with everything, they won't grow. It's important to help people, but first they need to really give it their all, and only if they still can't manage with their own effort do they need help. Do you see, Rei? Help people when they come to you for help. It won't be too late to help them then."
I understood what Shiona was saying.
I was able to comprehend it.
But inside of my chest, it felt like something was tugging at me.
Why couldn't my desire to help people have just stayed how it was?
Why couldn't I help people on my own?
Why, why, why...?
Then I stopped thinking about it,
because Shiona's smile seemed a little sad to me.
Several days later.
The discomfort came back again.
The discomfort I felt in my right hand when I was turning the music box.
A sensation so slight I couldn't put it into words.
But it was definitely there, in my right hand.
Gradually the discomfort grew greater.
After I went back to Shiona's house, I tried moving my fingers one at a time in my room.
No matter which finger I moved, I couldn't bend it past a certain point.
I wasn't able to grab things in this state.
It was a problem severe enough that it could hinder my daily life.
I tried again and again, but I couldn't fix the defect.
It might have even needed comprehensive repairs that would require a disassembly.
I had an idea as to the cause of this malfunction.
It was from when we were looking for that projector.
I had really overdone it at that dump site.
When I was moving heavy junk, I had felt a discomfort.
I decided that I would go to the abandoned factory later that day.
I needed to go looking for tools for repairs.
"Rei, it's mealtime."
Shiona suddenly entered my room.
I hurriedly put on my glove, hiding my exposed right hand.
"What's the matter? Why the rush?"
"It's nothing. I was spacing out, so I was just startled."
"Did I surprise you? Sorry about that. I'll knock next time."
"Yeah, thank you. If you could, that would help."
"Yeah, I get it. Anyway, the food is ready, so will you eat soon?"
I looked at the clock.
I realized that the hands were already past 12 o' clock.
"It's already this late..."
"It's just that it's really cloudy outside. It makes you lose your sense of time."
"Yeah, I'll go eat right away. Will you wait for me?"
"Sure. I'll be waiting in the kitchen, Rei."
Shiona grinned and left.
Once again, I removed my glove and checked my right hand.
I had to make sure that Shiona didn't find out somehow.
I would have to go to the abandoned factory after we ate.
I readied myself and headed for the kitchen.
The kitchen was filled with Shiona's handmade cooking.
"Have a seat, Rei. Let's eat up."
Shiona clasped her hands together in front of her face.
I clasped my hands in the same way.
"Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy Name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil."
The words I had learned from Shiona.
I had started offering the same prayer without even realizing.
It was because of how much time I had been spending with Shiona.
When I thought about that, the inside of my chest warmed spontaneously.
"Hm? Nothing, really."
"Really? You're making a happy face. You're all orange and powapowa."
"A happy face? Me...?"
"Yes, very, very happy. You make that expression a lot lately, Rei. It makes me sort of happy, too."
"Could that be what they call 'smiling'?"
"Right. At first you never smiled at all, but lately you smile so much. I'm glad."
"I'm smiling...?"
I recalled the first day of my awakening.
That day, my face was expressionless when I saw it.
From that day on, I had constantly wished.
I had wished for emotions.
And it seemed that without having noticed, I was starting to get what I had wanted.
Pleased, I felt a weight leave my chest.
This would have let me stay with Shiona and everyone else forever.
I looked down at my right hand.
I wasn't able to use a spoon properly with this hand of mine hanging loose and weak.
With no other options, I switched to my left hand and scooped up some soup.
Eating with my left hand was unfamiliar and arduous.
"What's up, Rei? Oh, are you left-handed?"
"No... I'm right-handed, but my right hand kind of hurts today."
"It hurts? Oh my! We need to call a doctor... Ah, but there's none in this town, we'll have to call one from a town far away..."
"No, I'm fine. It'll get better if I leave it alone."
This was not good... not good at all.
If a doctor looked me over, my true form would be given away.
I just had to avoid that.
I wanted to stay here forever.
"It must be because you overdid it the other day. You worked so hard in the rain..."
"Yeah, I think that's probably why."
"This is because you don't stop when I tell you to. I'm worried about you."
"Yes, thank you. But Madd was happy thanks to all that effort, so it was for the best."
"Yeah, you're right. But you can't overexert yourself."
Shiona looked at me with a concerned expression.
I decided to take care not to force her to make such an expression again.
When I saw her with anything but a smile, I felt blue inside.
"That reminds me; I wonder if Madd is back. Have you heard from him since?"
"Not yet. His son lives in a place kind of far away. I'm sure he still hasn't arrived."
"I see. I hope we hear from him soon."
"Yeah, me too."
After that, Shiona didn't ask any more about my right hand.
I finished my meal quickly using my awkward left hand.
Then I returned to my room and began getting dressed.
I stuffed my tools into my bag.
I probably had to dismantle my own arm.
I needed to solve this alone.
I couldn't rely on anyone else.
So I made my preparations carefully.
I heard the sound of knocking at my door as I concentrated on getting ready.
Immediately after, Shiona entered my room.
"Rei, if you don't mind, could we go shop... Are you headed somewhere?"
Shiona asked, her gaze shifting between me and my bag.
"Yeah. I'm just looking for something."
"Where are you going? Is it near? Far? When will you be back?"
"I'm going to the abandoned factory. I'm hoping to come back as early as possible."
"The abandoned factory? What are you going to do there?"
"Um... Actually, the photographer asked me for some parts, so I'm going to go look for them."
It was a lie.
A clumsy lie, but Shiona grinned.
"I see...Be really careful, okay? Even more than normal, because your right hand isn't in the greatest shape, right?"
"Yes, thank you. I'll try to be back as soon as I can."
Shiona saw me off, and I left the church.
My destination: the abandoned factory.
But there was somewhere I had to go before that.
I had to get my story straight for the lie I had told in the heat of the moment.
If by some chance Shiona ran into the photographer and mentioned me, my lie would be exposed.
If that happened, she would be hurt.
I didn't want to hurt her.
So I visited the photographer.
"My, aren't you a sight for sore eyes."
When I opened the door I was greeted by the photographer, who had been polishing a camera.
"Sorry to barge in so suddenly."
"No, it's no problem. I was just thinking of going to your place."
"My place... The church? Did you need something?"
"Ah, just hold on a minute."
He withdrew farther inside the shop.
While I was waiting, I decided to have a look at the photos that decorated the place.
It was decorated with all types of photos, from aged to recent ones.
The era, places, and people in the photos were all different.
But they all had just one thing in common.
Everyone had the same smile on their faces.
I couldn't help being jealous of the people in the photos with their smiling faces.
"Right, sorry for the wait. Here, this is it."
He presented a single photo to me.
The photo showed a smiling Shiona and me, expressionless.
"It's the photo I took before. It took a while to develop. Sorry about the delay."
"That's no problem. Thank you so much. But I don't have any money..."
"It's alright. I was late with it, and it was something I took because I wanted to. It's a freebie."
"Thank you. I'll give it to Shiona."
"Please do. Anyhow, when I look at you like this, you guys really do look alike. You and Shiona's older brother."
"You know her older brother?"
"Ah, but of course. Have you seen the picture of her and her brother together?"
"Yes, I have. The picture where he's holding the music box."
"Yes, that's the one. Actually, I took that picture."
"Is that right? When did her brother leave on his trip?"
"Right after I took that picture, I think. He said he was going to share his music with the world. It was terribly sad for Shiona. She's always smiling nowadays, but at the time she was always crying."
"Shiona? That's hard to believe..."
"But lately she's smiling a lot. Just the same as when her older brother was around. No, maybe even more."
"Really? I definitely think she smiles all the time."
"I think that must be because you're here."
"While I do think it might be because you resemble her brother, I don't think that's the whole reason."
"But I don't do anything for her."
"Doing something for a person isn't the only way to make someone smile. You can make someone smile just by being near them, at their side."
"At their side...Then I'm pretty confident I'm by Shiona's side more than anyone."
"Even I can see that. When Shiona is together with you, she seems to me like she's smiling from the heart."
My own heart grew warm at those words.
I was connected to Shiona's smile.
Shiona was happy because I was there.
"This might be a strange thing for me to ask, but could you stay with her forever?"
"Of course. I'll always, always be at her side, and I'll keep making her smile. That's what I want more than anything."
"Hahahaha, that was almost a proposal. It's a shame she wasn't here to hear it."
"A proposal...?"
Hearing those words, I felt my face grow hot.
I knew what the word meant.
A word for a human couple that vows to spend their lives together.
Was that what my words just then had been?
My face grew even hotter as I thought about it.
I turned my back to the photographer so that he wouldn't see how I'd lost my composure.
"Um, well then, I have to get going, so..."
"Is that right? Take care not to lose the photo, then."
"I will, thank you."
I said my thanks over my shoulder and left the photo studio.
The road to the abandoned factory.
I pushed on across the reddish-brown earth.
Stuffed with tools, my bag was heavy.
I could hear them grinding against each other in the bag hung on my shoulder.
The wind was strong, and it seemed like it might rain any second.
I'd really have it all backwards if I ended up with more malfunctioning parts while I went to repair the one I had.
I decided to hurry to the abandoned factory before it rained.
I was on my way when I spotted something.
I spotted a white, flickering thing in the distance.
But it was so far off that I didn't have any way to be sure of what it was.
Although I couldn't even distinguish how big it was either, the white object seemed to be approaching me slowly.
I strained my eyes, trying to identify it.
In that moment, there was a sudden gust.
I closed my eyes reflexively.
When I opened them again, the white object had vanished from sight.
What in the world was that...?
I stood completely still on the spot for a short while.
But I couldn't stay that way.
The sky was gradually growing ominous.
I had to get to the abandoned factory quickly.
Just as the clouds darkened, looking ready to rain at any moment, I arrived at the abandoned factory.
Inside it was as dusty as ever, and filled with the stench of oxidized oil.
Immediately, finding a handy workbench, I removed the glove on my right hand.
I was already used to seeing the exposed parts.
First, I tried to slowly open and close my fingers.
The malfunction remained, and my movement stopped halfway.
What could have caused this?
I retrieved a light from my bag, shined it on my arm, and tried to peer in.
It didn't seem like there were any foreign objects caught in there.
In that case, it was likely a problem with the internal parts themselves.
I took out my tools and started disassembling my right hand.
The more I disassembled my hand, the more uncomfortable I felt.
I was breaking myself.
If I were to disassemble myself entirely, would I break?
Would that be "death" for me?
What would that have felt like?
If I died, would my consciousness vanish into nothingness?
Would it come back if I was reassembled?
Could that be called living?
I dismantled my arm as I mulled all of that over in the back of my mind, and I reached the cause of the failure.
The piston rod of the cylinder that supplied oil to my fingers was bent and oozing oil.
It was the part I had temporarily detached when I was fixing Shiona's music box.
At the time, I had used the oil in the cylinder to lubricate the music box gears.
It was just a little oil, but it must have been enough to be vital for repeating precise operations with my prosthetic fingers.
Lots of little injuries had added up and turned into a large wound.
But with the rod bent this badly, there was a chance the oil leak would reoccur even if I made a stop-gap repair.
The surest method was replacing this part with a new, identical one.
I stood up and decided to search around me.
Scattered on the floor were newly-made Phiroid parts.
There had to be a part that fit my model scattered somewhere in this Phiroid factory.
With my right arm still disassembled, I investigated inside the factory.
There were many arm, leg, and torso parts scattered around.
The head parts were of such elaborate make that you might confuse them for the real thing for a moment if you weren't paying attention.
I was searching for something that fit me amid all of that.
Looking at my exposed right arm, I checked the model number of the part I needed.
That seemed to be the model number of the necessary part.
I looked for the same model number in the arm parts strewn about.
My model must have used some really rare pieces.
I checked the parts scattered in the factory from top to bottom, but there were none with the same model number.
The dilapidation of this factory was very advanced, even compared to the place where I woke up.
It was clear that it was a facility that had been abandoned long, long ago.
In that case, the manufacturing dates would have been different, and it was understandable that there weren't any parts with the same model number.
I continued to search in a rush, and spotted something marked "AR115."
Its shape looked identical to the part inserted in my arm.
However, the piston and shaft sections were a bit longer.
With this, I could swap the parts with just a bit of modification.
I placed the arm with the "AR115," attached to it onto the workbench, and took it apart.
Once I'd smoothly removed the part, I compared it to the "HR114" part that had originally been installed in me.
It seemed that the "AR115" had an output panel that the "HR114" didn't have.
There were no other alterations.
Immediately, I tried to install the part in my arm.
Unlike when I took it apart, installing it was a bit of a rough journey.
Though I dropped the screws again and again, I finished the installation somehow.
When I tried to move my fingers, I was able to open and close them the same way I had before.
But whenever I did, the dissonant sound of grating mechanisms echoed around me.
Somehow, it seemed to be out of lubrication.
I continued deeper into the factory in search of oil.
I arrived at some darkish oil drums, and the stench of oxidized oil grew sharp.
When I popped them open, every single one was oxidized and unusable.
But in the innermost part of the factory, I spotted a relatively new-looking drum.
When I opened it, there was a small quantity of oil inside that was hardly oxidized at all.
I scooped out some oil with the oil storage tank installed inside my arm.
Then I returned the tank to its original place.
After a short wait, the oil was automatically absorbed, and the mechanical parts slid smoothly.
When I tried moving my hand, I was able to open and close my fingers without any jarring sounds.
I had fixed it.
Looking at my fingers moving smoothly, I felt a sense of relief in my chest.
I put my glove back on, returned my tools to my bag, and left the factory.
The wind outside had grown ferocious.
I was hoping it wouldn't rain, but...
I headed back to the town at a quick pace.
Then, on the way...
There was something white lying on the ground.
It was fluttering as though it was being toyed with by the raging winds.
I stared for a moment, then realized that it was a cloak.
During one of its many flutters, I saw something wrapped inside of it.
It was in the shape of a human.
I hurriedly approached it, kneeling down and gently pulling back the cloak with disbelief.
Inside was a young man with grave wounds.
Blood was flowing from his wounded arm, and I knew at once that he was human.
"A-Are you okay!?"
"Ur... gh..."
He let out a groan, seemingly responding to my voice.
His body bore painful-looking wounds, and he didn't seem like he could stand at all.
At the young man's feet were marks that looked as if he had been crawling.
Blood clung to the marks, indicating the severity of his condition.
I had to help him.
Something like a sense of duty oozed outward through my body, starting from inside my chest.
"Please stay with me! Are you okay!?"
Throwing the bag on my shoulder to the ground, I sat him up.
When I shook his body he made an anguish expression and moaned louder still, possibly jolted by the pain.
Then he reached out his hand as if to clutch at something.
I immediately presented him with my open right hand.
He grabbed my mechanical hand through my glove.
Damn it. I regretted that bitterly inside my mind.
But his grip was so very weak that I couldn't bring myself to shake him off.
The young man slowly opened his eyes and looked at me.
"Y... You..."
"A-Are you okay? There's a town nearby. I'll take you there right away."
"A... town..."
His eyes empty, he muttered my words as if to think them over.
Then, his weak fingers traced over my glove as if he was making sure of my hand in his.
Surely I'd given myself away.
He must have noticed the inhuman, hard sensation through my glove.
But I didn't mind.
This wasn't a situation where I could worry about that.
"Y-You... live in... th-that town."
"Li... ves... in town..."
He repeated the word "town" like an incantation.
The word was frail, seemingly ready to vanish at any moment.
I decided I would take the young man home with me.
If I acted now, I might be able to save this person.
I put his arm around me and carried him, dragging him along.
His gait was heavy, and it took us quite a while just to advance ten meters.
But I wanted to help this man... I wanted so badly to save him.
"You... how long have you... been... in town?"
The man asked, looking ready to faint at any moment.
"About a week now."
"I... see... I... see..."
I could feel him weakening against my shoulder.
If I didn't keep him conscious, he might never wake up again.
"Stay with me, we're almost there. We're almost at the town. It's not very big, but everyone is kind."
Desperate, I spoke to the young man.
If I could just talk about something that drew his interest even a little, it should keep him from losing consciousness.
"There's no doctor, but we have books, so I'm sure we can figure out how to treat your wounds."
"Boo... ks?"
"Yes! About everything. We can definitely look up anything we need. So please stay with me."
"Any... thing... huh?"
"Yes! Definitely!"
He sucked in a long breath, and whispered quietly.
"Leave me..."
I wasn't sure what he'd said.
I stopped in my tracks without thinking.
"Leave me... behind. Like this..."
"I-I can't possibly do that!"
"I was... attacked by humans..."
"By humans?"
"I just... just went to go... follow my dreams... but, my dream... my values..."
He sucked in another long breath.
"Because of differences in values... humans... have conflict, grow hostile, and fight... We become inhuman... savages..."
"Th-That can't be. Humans are warm; they share everything and support each other."
"Ah, that was my dream..."
The young man went limp, as if it to release all of the breaths he'd sucked in until now.
"Hey, s-stay with me, please! Please keep it together!"
Had he just lost consciousness, or...
Horrible thoughts spun inside my head.
I gritted my teeth, looked straight ahead, and walked on toward the town.
Every second mattered in order to save this person's life.
Before I knew it, rain was pounding hard against our backs.
Rainwater was getting inside my glove, but I wasn't in a place to be worrying about it.
In a daze, I carried the young man to the church.
"Rei, what's... wh-who is that!?"
Shiona offered me a flustered greeting.
"This man was on the ground on the way! He's really injured!"
"Got it. Bring him inside."
Guided by Shiona, I carried the young man to a room with a bed.
When I laid him on the white sheets, the rainwater and blood on his body mixed together, spreading to form a red stain.
There was no sign that he would regain consciousness.
"Rei, I brought water."
I put the cup that Shiona handed me to the young man's mouth.
I poured in just a bit of water.
His throat pulsed as he swallowed.
But still, he remained unconscious.
He was turning even paler than he was when I had first found him.
"Shiona, I'm going to the library! There must be a medical book there!"
Looking like she was about to speak, Shiona bit her lip.
I was curious, but every second mattered in this situation.
Giving her a sidelong glance, I dashed out of the room.
Unconcerned at the idea of getting wet, I ran off to the library.
"What is it, Rei? You're all wet."
Perhaps surprised by my sudden entrance, Tipi stared at me with widened eyes.
Undeterred by my ragged breathing, I asked her.
"Tipi... are there medical books here?"
"Y-Yeah, there are."
"Please, could you show me right away?"
"Got it."
She must have guessed something was up.
Tipi immediately showed me to where they were.
"Is someone sick?"
Tipi asked without turning around, on the way to the books.
"Yeah... They're hurt."
"Is it you? Shiona? Or..."
"No, it's someone you don't know. So you don't need to look so sad."
"But... but, but..."
Large tears ran along her cheeks.
She didn't know the young man.
And yet...
Tipi was such a kind child to shed tears for him.
"It's all right... It's fine."
I held Tipi, gently wrapping her up in both arms.
I could feel her hot tears through my clothing.
I knew my chest was aching slightly inside.
Putting up with that ache, I scrounged for medical books.
But no matter how many books we had, we were nothing more than amateurs.
We had no idea what his symptoms were, what treatment we ought to give, or even which books were right.
I just took as many books as I could carry and brought them home from the library.
I returned to the church, unconcerned that the books would get wet.
When I opened the door, there was music coming from inside.
It was a melody sung by Shiona.
By her singing voice alone, it was clear that this was a holy place.
"Shiona, how does he look?"
"Not good. He hasn't woken up. I did what I could, but..."
I ran to the young man.
The bandages wrapped around him must have been Shiona's work.
But his face was even paler than it had been before.
I threw the medical books open roughly.
I flipped through the pages, looking to see if there was anything that could be done.
But it had all been in vain.
No matter how wonderful a medical text we found, in the end it was no more than a bundle of paper.
Given our lack of medical knowledge, there was never any hope that we could have used medicine to save someone.
We were all too helpless, all too insignificant.
Shiona began to sing quietly.
It was different from the usual; a quiet tune like a requiem.
"Ngh... This song..."
The young man's eyes opened with Shiona's singing.
But their gaze was empty, ready to vanish any moment.
"Do you know this song?"
"Yes, it takes me back... I sang it, often..."
His eyes traced over the ceiling, then toward Shiona and me.
Then, suddenly, his expression softened.
"Ah, it was here... The world I was searching for was here..."
"What are you talking about? What do you mean, the world you were searching for?"
He didn't answer my question; perhaps his ears could no longer hear.
He simply continued to speak in a one-sided conversation.
"The path to coexistence... The world of harmony..."
When he finished speaking, he closed his eyes.
Then he didn't budge an inch.
I felt like something was spilling over inside of my chest.
"Hey, Shiona, why aren't his eyes opening? Is he sleeping?"
"His hands were clenched before, and now they're relaxing..."
"Shiona, what's the problem... Is he... tired?"
An indescribable sense of loss weighed heavily inside my chest like a storm cloud.
Pain shot through me like the storm inside my chest was ripping me apart.
Shiona hugged me from behind.
Her warmth allowed me to regain my composure a little.
Reflexively, I put my arms on top of Shiona's where they wrapped around my chest.
"Shiona... I, I..."
"Rei... We'll give him a funeral."
"A funeral?"
"It's a kind of ceremony we do when people die."
"When people die..."
With those words, I became aware.
Aware that this man had died.
"It's the only way we can mourn the dead."
I couldn't move as I listened to Shiona's words.
I couldn't properly process the existence of death as it appeared before my eyes.
"So then, we need to prepare. Will you help me?"
I couldn't do anything but give a slight nod.
We started to prepare the funeral.
To mourn this young man whose name we didn't know.
As we were preparing for the ceremony, I couldn't help but focus on one thing.
I had left Tipi at the library despite how much she was crying.
I wondered if she was still crying.
In that dark library. All alone.
"Rei? What's wrong?"
Shiona noticed I had stopped working on decorating the altar.
"Yeah... I'm a bit worried about something."
"Worried? About what? That man?"
"No, not him... I'm worried about Tipi."
"Tipi? What happened to Tipi?"
"When I went to borrow those medical books, I told Tipi all about the young man. Then Tipi began to cry... And what I did next was terrible. I left her like that at the library."
"So she turned blue, and is still blue now."
"Yeah, that's right. So I was wondering if she was still crying..."
"...Yeah, she probably is. I think she's definitely still crying at the library."
I could easily imagine it.
And just thinking about it tore me apart.
"Shiona, would it be alright if I go check on Tipi?"
Shiona gave a slightly sad smile.
"There's still a bit more preparation for the funeral. So I hope you'll come back really quickly."
"Okay, I will. I'll come back as soon as I can."
"...Good. Please hurry back."
Shiona gave me a strangely sad smile, as expected.
I finished the altar decorations I was working on and headed to the library.
I carried the medical books I had borrowed.
A light rain had begun to fall on the town, so I opened my umbrella for the walk.
The town felt different than usual.
It was as if something important was lacking. Or had gone missing...
I ran through the lacking town, hurrying to the library.
Inside the library, I found myself wrapped in a silence which had seemingly turned off the sound of the rain.
No, there was one sound.
From inside the library I could hear the sound of the blue girl crying.
My feet carried me along the way to the sound of the tears.
She was in the same place she always was.
Just as usual, she was drawing while tears were streaming down her face.
"Rei... Rei..."
Once she saw me, Tipi reached out with her small hand.
I hugged her little body in response.
As soon as I did, her crying began to intensify.
"Rei... What happened to that guy?"
Her words left me speechless.
"Hey, Rei...? Rei..."
"That guy... Hey... Hey..."
My silence was the answer.
Seemingly figuring out the situation and unable to hold in her sadness, Tipi began to sob uncontrollably.
She wept enormous tears for the young man she had never met.
Ah, what is this?
I wondered what the pain within my chest was.
The inside of my chest felt churned and constricted.
At times, it struck me with a sharp pain.
It felt as if the pain was pouring out of an open wound within me.
Gathering heat, it began to pour out of my eyes.
Suddenly, I realized I was crying.
The death of a young man whose name I didn't even know had me in tears.
Suddenly, I understood.
This was "sadness."
A blue emotion.
The feeling that was always smoldering inside of Tipi.
It must have always been this painful and intense.
There was no end to the tears.
I didn't know how to stop them.
No, that wasn't right.
I didn't want to stop them.
I realized that I just wanted to let these warm tears continue to flow from me.
I knew that they must be the cure for sadness.
By letting the sadness that had grown in our chests flow out, we were protecting our hearts.
Realizing that, I noticed that the heaviness deep inside my chest had begun to lessen.
At the same time, I noticed the amount of tears had increased.
I cried.
We cried.
Covered in tears, we held each other and cried.
We cried, and cried, and cried...
No matter how much time passed, the tears did not end.
They simply continued, with our sadness showing no sign of crumbling away.
"Tipi, the funeral is going to start soon."
"...Funeral? What is that...?"
"It's a ceremony to say farewell to those who have died. Shiona is preparing for it right now."
"Farewell...? What's farewell?"
"We won't be able to see them anymore."
"Won't be able to... No!"
Tipi clung to me tightly.
Her arms were trembling slightly.
"I understand, Tipi. I understand what you're feeling. But because we're sad, we have to say farewell properly."
"Since we won't see them anymore, we say farewell and see them off. If we don't do that, we'll just feel sad and lonely..."
"Sad... Lonely..."
"Exactly. That's why we send them off. To no longer feel lonely and sad... Do you think you can do it?"
Tipi slowly moved away from me.
She looked up at me with tears still flowing.
"...You can. I know you can, Tipi."
"You do? I'm not so sure."
When I placed my hand on her head, she seemed to cheer up a little.
But there was still no end to her tears.
"Well then, let's go... Can you stand?"
"Yes... Just a second."
As she stood, Tipi picked up her stuffed bear.
The bear was always with her. Even now it was snuggled under her arm.
Holding hands, we walked in the rain towards the church.
"Oh, sweet and merciful God, our Father above, we believe in Your only Son who You sent to us, and now we entrust in Your hands this young man who has completed the journey of life and wishes for life eternal."
"We ask that You please take all the burden of this brother of ours who is now gone from us, guide him to his new home in Heaven and grant him a place amongst the angels."
"And we ask that You guide those of us under the suffering of this separation through the hope of resurrection You have promised, and that one day we too shall experience everlasting joy with You and Your child whom You have called back to Your side."
Shiona's voice echoed through the church, which was overflowing with attendees.
No one had seen the young man.
No one had known him.
But despite all of this, every single person there had gathered to mourn his death.
This was what it meant to care for people. It was what connected person to person.
Everyone had their hands clasped together in front of them, eyes closed and silent in prayer.
Tipi and I followed their lead.
Shiona's voice reverberated throughout the church solemnly.
It was as if she was dedicating it to the young man. It sounded like a song...
After the funeral, the young man was buried in the graveyard behind the church.
Every one of the townsfolk walked up to the coffin to say their final farewells.
Wishing him a good afterlife...
We shall meet again one day...
Eternal rest...
They each said their own words.
"Okay, Tipi."
We neared the coffin for our turn.
Tipi stared at the coffin that contained the young man.
There was no sign of the tears that had flowed constantly until the funeral began. She only stared expressionlessly at the young man.
It was as if she had lost her emotions.
She was silent.
She stared and stared at the coffin.
Feeling an intense anxiety as I looked at her, I began to say something.
But just before I did, she opened her mouth.
Her voice was a soft murmur.
A few hours passed.
The rain had stopped, and light peeked through a rift in the clouds for a change.
The sun sneaking through the ashen sky was indeed an uncommon event.
But I wasn't captivated by the beauty of the scenery.
I was focused on the expression that had been on Tipi's face during the funeral.
It was an empty expression; too empty to be called sadness.
I had no idea what it meant.
Despite that, there was only one thought on my mind.
I wanted to be there for her.
I wanted to be near her and speak with her.
I wanted to mend the sadness within her.
The thought swelled up inside of me.
Shiona called out to me just as I went to open the door.
"I thought I'd go and see Tipi."
"I'm worried because of how sad she looked during the funeral."
"I see... But I'm worried about you, Rei."
"Yeah. You look so incredibly sad, Rei."
"I look... sad?"
My hands went to touch my own cheeks.
"You won't be able to tell that way. Come over here."
I was pulled by my hand into the living room and stood in front of the mirror.
"Look. Your face. It's expressing sadness."
The face I saw reflected in the mirror was my own... And it was blue.
Shiona always referred to Tipi as "blue," and I understood what she had meant, then.
Right then I was making the same exact expression as Tipi.
My heart was quiet, but my body was drained of energy. My expression looked as if gravity was dragging it down.
"...This is the first time I've seen my face like this."
It was... sadness.
Even without tears, being consumed by this feeling made my expression look "blue."
"A person died. That look on your face is completely appropriate."
This feeling... Why was it necessary for life?
It was bitter... Harsh... Heavy... Painful... Cold...
I could also see Shiona's expression in the mirror.
However, it was also a fragile and slightly sad smile.
It was a smile meant to be reassuring.
Despite that, there was a sharp pain deep within my chest.
"You should be concerned about Tipi. But I want you to think about yourself, first."
"I... I should think about myself?"
"That's right. You need to value yourself."
"I need to value myself... I've never thought about it like that."
"You're very kind, Rei. And that's why you always put other people before yourself."
"But that's what I want to do."
"I think that's a little sad. I don't want you to overdo it, Rei."
"I'm not overdoing anything."
"Really? I don't agree."
Shiona hooked her arm into mine.
"...I'm worried about you."
I felt my heart rate begin to rise.
I had no idea why that was happening.
But it was definitely related to a change in my emotions.
I felt a tenderness in the warmth.
No, more than tenderness... It was an entirely different kind of warmth than anything I could sense with my skin.
"Hey Rei, you want some tea?"
"...Tea? Why?"
"If you drink something warm and powapowa, your soul also becomes powapowa. It feels great to relax both your body and soul."
"But Tipi..."
"Well, Tipi is definitely upset by this death. But she'll absolutely get over it. I think we need to let her be to help that happen. It's important to spend some time alone, you know?"
"You think so?"
"Yes, I really do. Without that, you can't grow stronger."
"Well, people get stronger by overcoming obstacles and sadness. But if someone else helps you every time, you can't grow. So today, don't you think you should leave Tipi alone so she can grow?"
Tipi was weak.
She was always crying.
So, if this was a chance for her to grow stronger...
I should take that opportunity.
"Shiona, could you pour me some tea?"
"Of course. Could you take a seat and wait a bit?"
I sat on the sofa and waited for Shiona to bring the tea.
As I was waiting, a pleasant smell began to fill the room.
"Here you go. It's a special, gentle tea. Go ahead."
The teacup she brought out was filled with an orange liquid.
A subtly sour and slightly sweet aroma floated up to my nose.
"You know, it's been a while since we've been able to just sit down and talk."
"Yeah, you're right. So much has happened..."
"How are your memories, Rei?"
"It still doesn't feel like they're coming back."
"I see... But, there's no reason to hurry. You might just remember things as life happens."
"You're right. Thank you... But, I'm sorry."
"Sorry? For what?"
"You've been letting me live here, and I just feel like there's nothing I can do to repay that kindness."
"You don't need to worry about that. I'm just happy to have you here with me, Rei."
"But that's not any kind of repayment at all."
"Well, that's not all. You fixed the music box... That helped me to be able to sing."
"Couldn't you already sing before?"
"But there's a difference between having a melody and not having one. Look, we performed together at the plaza, right? The truth is, I've sung there many times."
"You've sung there... alone?"
"Yes. But that time, no one listened to me."
"Even with your amazing voice? That's so strange."
"Hehe, thank you. But it's the truth. That's why I was so happy when you brought the music box and came with me."
"I... All I did was play the music box."
"And that made me happy. Having you next to me made me happier than anything else could."
"I feel the same. I'm really happy to be with you, Shiona."
"...Hehe. Thanks. Rei, you've become able to feel so many emotions."
"Emotions? Me?"
"Yeah. You have so many more expressions now than when we first met."
That was what I had wanted and sought after.
It was what I had been craving since the moment I first woke up.
I was overjoyed to hear that from Shiona.
While I was incomplete, Shiona was telling me that I was growing closer to human... Closer to her.
"That's because you've always been next to me, smiling."
"Really? I haven't done anything."
"No, it really is thanks to you. Thank you so much, Shiona."
"I'm the one who should be saying that. Thank you, Rei."
"I should be saying thank you."
"No, I should... Haha, this is funny. All we're doing is thanking each other."
"You're right. What are we doing?"
"...But, it's funny."
"What's funny?"
"I just thought that going on like this forever would be nice... Isn't that funny?"
"No, not at all. I was thinking the same thing..."
"...Do you mind if I move closer?"
Shiona sat next to me.
Close enough for me to feel her warmth.
It was the closest we had ever been to each other.
"Huh...? What is this...?"
"What's wrong?"
"My body feels a bit strange. My chest is... pounding."
Could it be that I was broken? A malfunction serious enough to warrant maintenance would have been troublesome.
"It's okay. I feel the same. My chest has been pounding constantly."
"Huh? Are you okay? Doesn't it hurt?"
"No. This is a really wonderful thing."
With a gentle bashfulness, Shiona placed her hand upon mine.
Softly enfolding the top of my hand.
I rotated my wrist in response. With our hands flat against each others', we intertwined our fingers.
The feeling of her warmth began to intensify.
That warmth traveled within me, deep within my chest.
"There's this warmth seeping into my chest..."
"Your chest...? You mean here?"
She reached out a hand to my chest.
Where she touched became instantly warm.
"Your hand is so warm, Shiona... I wonder why. Are you sick?"
"No, that's not it at all."
"Do you know the reason why?"
"Yeah, I think I do."
"Tell me."
"Haha, what should I say?"
"Don't tease. Wouldn't you be worried?"
"No... Because, well, this isn't just you."
"The warming isn't?"
"Right. My chest also feels really warm right now."
"You too?"
"Yes, me too. In fact, it's probably hitting me even harder than you, Rei."
"That's terrible! How can we fix it?"
"No, no. You can't fix it... And I wouldn't want to."
"That warmth deep inside, that squeezing feeling, it's painful, it's sad, but it's warm... And that's fine. It's completely fine, Rei."
Shiona's hand became slightly warmer atop mine.
I squeezed her hand in return.
"Rei, I have something to ask."
"I want to be with you always."
"Yes. Forever and ever. Can you do that?"
"Yes... I promise."
"Thank you, Rei. That makes me happy... So, so happy..."
Shiona rested her head upon my chest.
At that moment, I felt like my heart was filling up to bursting.
It was similar to the joy I had experienced before, but it was a much stronger feeling.
I wondered what humans called this.
I wanted to ask her, but I felt that doing so would completely destroy the current atmosphere.
So I stayed like that... I let myself stay like this with Shiona.
There was sweet-smelling tea prepared and set on the table. We stayed like that until all the steam had disappeared.
The next day, I was preparing to go out after eating breakfast.
Shiona called out to me as she was washing the dishes.
"I thought I'd go to the library."
"The library... So you're going to go see Tipi?"
"That's my plan."
"I'm sure Tipi is still trying to get over what happened. So shouldn't you just let her be?"
"Maybe... but I can't just leave her be when I think about how she might not be able to get over it alone, and how lonely she might be."
Yesterday, Shiona was by my side, giving me that warm feeling and supporting me just by being there.
"It's okay. Tipi isn't that weak, you know."
"I wonder..."
"I'm sure she's not. Actually, Rei, there's something I want to ask you. Could we go to the plaza today?"
"The plaza? Why?"
"You bring the music box... I'd like to sing again."
"Something depressing happened, right? So it's important for us to rest our feelings, too."
"Rest our feelings...?"
"And because of the funeral, I'm sure that everyone in town is feeling low as well. So, don't you feel like you want to raise everyone's spirits?"
"Everyone in town? Well, sure. Of course I do."
Looking at sad faces was painful.
I wanted to help cure those sad faces if I could.
"And our melody can do that. I just know it will make the town feel better."
"Really... Well, maybe it can."
"I'm sure it can. Okay, so let's get ready."
Inspired by Shiona, I reached out to pick up the music box.
Since it had been maintained daily, the music box was ready to perform at any time.
We set out for the plaza.
It was a cloudy afternoon.
There was hardly anyone out.
"There's no one here, Shiona."
"It's always like this at this time of day. At least, before you came."
"Before I came...?"
"I told you. Once you began playing the music, everyone started to come listen to my singing. All of the people in town have begun changing a little. They go outside more and interact more. I feel like they've all started to form stronger bonds."
"And this is all... after I came?"
"That's right. Once you came, Rei, everyone in this town started to change. Of course, it's all been for the better."
I was very pleased to hear her say that.
I had been helpful to people.
I couldn't even begin to contain the joy I felt from that.
"You look really happy, Rei."
"You do. Your cheeks have softened up."
"My cheeks?"
"Yeah, look."
Shiona poked a finger into my cheek.
Just like that, I began to feel that familiar warmth deep within my chest.
"My face feels a bit hot."
"Rei, are you blushing? Hahaha."
My face grew even hotter.
It seemed like Shiona was exactly right.
"Okay then, Rei. Shall we start?"
"Yeah, are you ready?"
"Whenever you are."
Shiona slowly closed her eyes.
I wanted to gaze at her beautiful face forever.
But I also felt equally strongly about hearing her sing.
So I began to slowly turn the music box's handle.
As it came out, it carried Shiona's song.
The two sounds merged and began to spread their beauty throughout the area.
Soon, people began to gather.
At first their expressions were dark, but slowly smiles began to return to their faces.
Before I realized it, a circle of grinning faces surrounded us in the plaza.
"Her voice is so beautiful."
"Yeah, I'm glad she came today."
"Thank you. Your voice is so very beautiful."
"It's just beautiful..."
"Yes, it really is..."
The smiles and words of the townspeople began to fill the plaza.
Ah, this was it.
This was what I had been seeking.
The smiles of people enjoying themselves.
Seeing those smiles amplified my own joy.
I was sad when I noticed there was one particular girl missing from the crowd.
The blue girl in the library.
The girl who never visited this place.
The girl who always stayed shut up in the library.
All I could do was think about that girl.
Shiona's voice brought me back to reality.
"Sorry, I've just got something on my mind."
"Oh... Well, everyone has gone home."
Looking around, I noticed the ring of people had broken down to a scant remaining few.
Apparently, I had been lost in thought for a long time.
"What were you thinking about?"
"Um... Nothing... It was nothing."
"Let me guess. You were thinking about Tipi, right?"
She read my mind with ease. So I just nodded meekly.
"Yeah... you're right."
"Just like I thought... It's eating at you?"
"Yeah, it is. Because she's still so young."
"Young... Yeah, you're right."
"And she's always alone. There's no way she isn't lonely."
"But it's always been like that for her. She's used to it."
"I don't think so."
"You said it yourself, Shiona. How everyone changed since I came to town."
"Yeah, that's right..."
"So I want Tipi to change, too. She can't spend all of her time feeling lonely."
I began to repeat back to Shiona all she had taught me.
My words began to dim her smile a touch.
She looked toward the library and pursed her lips for a second, then turned back to me with a smile.
"Should we get back, Rei?"
"It's going to rain this afternoon. So let's go back... Okay? I'll make some of that fluffy white soup."
Shiona tugged on my hand, almost pulling me out of the plaza.
A few hours later...
As I was preparing to leave the house, Shiona called out to stop me again.
"Um, I was just in the mood to read a book..."
"If it's a book you want, we have several my brother was reading."
"Well... I'm looking for a type of book I'm sure we don't have here."
"What kind of book are you looking for?"
"One on machinery. I got interested in it after fixing that projector for Madd."
"I see. I'm glad to hear that you've developed an interest in something."
"Thank you. So that's why I'm going to the library."
"Does it have to be today?"
"Yeah, I'd like to go as soon as possible. I want to start reading as soon as I can."
"But it's going to start raining."
"The weather doesn't matter. I'll still go if it rains."
"But won't your book get wet then?"
"It's fine. I'll take a bag."
"Well... Then I'll go get it for you."
"Huh? No, no, no. I'll go myself."
"No, it's okay. I need to do some shopping, so it's no problem for me to stop at the library."
Saying that, Shiona returned to her room.
Why was this happening?
It felt like Shiona was trying to keep me away from the library.
Wait, no.
She was trying to keep me away from Tipi.
I didn't know what it could mean, but it really seemed that Shiona wanted to keep me away from Tipi.
Shiona's words were kind, yet I still got that feeling.
But why would she be doing that?
"I'm ready to go, Rei. What book should I get for you?"
"It's hard for me to explain, so I'll just go with you."
"That's okay. You just stay here and relax."
"Okay then... I want a book about electronic circuits."
"Electronic circuits. Got it. Okay, I'll be back later."
Shiona left.
I waited a few minutes.
Eventually, when I could no longer see her,
I put my hand on the door leading outside.
...Something was strange.
It wasn't locked.
But the door absolutely would not open.
It was like it had been barred from the outside.
...That actually might have been the case.
When Shiona left, she locked the door from the outside, with a key that only worked from the outside. So that I wouldn't notice.
And that's why I couldn't leave through that door.
But... Why?
Why would she do that?
Clutching my head, I went back into the living room.
Looking at the table, I noticed a letter I hadn't seen before.
It was a note from Shiona.
Dear Rei,
You're probably surprised that the door is locked.
Do you remember how we talked about nearby towns being attacked?
Well, that's why I'm taking care to lock up when I leave.
Please watch over the house.
I prepared some bread and soup for you.
Just warm them up and enjoy.
Absolutely do not go outside.
I had heard about the human raiders from the young man who had died.
Could those humans be coming closer to this area?
If true, it would be dangerous to go outside.
I understood. Shiona was worried about me.
But if Shiona went outside, that meant she was in danger.
Shouldn't a man like me have gone shopping instead?
I couldn't lie to myself.
It was clearly true that there were human raiders about.
But even so, was there a reason to lock the door from the outside?
Actually, if the door was locked from the outside, it had to be opened from the outside.
Getting into the house would have been easy.
Something was off.
If we were on alert for raiders, we wouldn't have gone to the plaza to sing the day before.
We certainly wouldn't have gathered a lot of people together in the same place.
So then, why?
There was only one thing I could think of.
She had trapped me.
To keep me away from Tipi.
Shiona wouldn't just do this without a reason.
She had a reason.
And that reason would have to have been for my benefit.
Could it be that something had happened to Tipi?
Was she trying to keep that from me?
Something that wouldn't be good for me to hear... Something I would be sad to learn about...
I couldn't sit still.
I had to see Tipi. I had to make sure she was okay.
The blue girl, crying alone in the library.
I wanted to wipe away her tears.
I looked around the church.
There was a window high up above.
Even if I did get up there and get outside, I had no way of knowing I'd get down safely.
But it was the only way for me to get out of there.
Suddenly, some white cloth caught my eye.
A curtain fluttering in the wind.
There were a number of them in the room. They were big and long, to cover the huge windows, and they looked strong.
I undid all of the curtains.
The sky was enclosed in dark clouds, and not a single ray of light shone through.
I laid the five curtains on the table and began tying them together, ending up with one long piece of cloth.
It was long enough to get me to the ground from one story up.
I tied the curtain to the edge of the window.
I wrapped it around several times, and checked it again and again.
It seemed good.
It could probably support my weight.
I tied the other end of the curtain to myself.
I gritted my teeth and went out through the window.
Looking down, the ground seemed so far away.
I began to feel a little faint, but it was too late to back out.
Clasping to the curtain, I began to slowly lower myself down.
Midway, a strong gust of wind shook me.
Swinging like a pendulum, I held onto the curtain for dear life.
It was minutes until the wind had passed.
I took a deep breath and continued lowering myself.
About ten minutes had passed by the time my feet finally touched the ground.
I was so exhausted that I felt that my legs were about to collapse under me.
But I had no time to rest.
My legs started to carry me towards the library with the young blue girl.
Rain began to fall almost as if it was trying to interfere with my thoughts.
The rain steadily intensified, seemingly in an effort to quench the parched town's thirst.
With no umbrella, I just continued on without minding the rain that soaked me.
My soggy clothes began to stick to my skin, making me feel uncomfortable.
I forged ahead, taking pains to protect my gloved right hand from the rain.
Soon, puddles were forming at my feet, and I started to hear thunder off in the distance.
Occasionally my heavy breaths would bring in rainwater along with the air.
Even as I grew hot inside from the effort, the cold rain pounded against me.
Then I finally arrived, still spitting out rusty rainwater.
I was at the library where the young, blue girl would be waiting by herself.
The inside was dim. No light escaped from the building.
Was she still buried alone in that dark sea of books?
Just the thought created a sharp pain deep inside my chest.
I went inside and headed to where the young, blue girl would be waiting.
"So you came..."
A voice called out from within the library.
But it wasn't Tipi.
It was the very person who was trying to keep me away from here.
"Didn't I write you a letter explaining just how dangerous it was to go outside? Didn't you see it?"
"I saw it."
"You did? So you came knowingly. You're a bad boy, Rei."
I could hear Shiona laughing.
But I couldn't see her expression in the dim room.
"Why did you lock me in?"
"I locked you in? Well, I suppose I did end up doing that. I'm sorry."
"You must have had some reason, right? Won't you please tell me?"
"My reason? The reason was simple. I don't want you two meeting up."
"You don't want us two meeting up?"
"You and the young, blue girl who's here."
"Tipi? Why?"
"I can't tell you that. It's top secret."
"Hold on. What are you even talking about? Why can't I see Tipi?"
"Because... You just can't."
"That's not a reason! Tell me now."
"I can't tell you."
I was suddenly shouting.
At the same moment I noticed a burning hot, red sensation within my chest.
So this was "anger."
I was feeling anger towards Shiona...?
I had no intention of doing that. I just wanted her to tell me the truth.
But it seemed like my words earlier had upset Shiona.
I couldn't see her face in the dark, but I could tell that she had changed.
It felt as if she was hesitating to say something.
Shiona opened her mouth slightly as if to speak... But then closed it, just as I had expected.
Tilting her head down, she began to speak in a whisper.
"It's because... It can only bring unhappiness."
"Unhappiness? To whom?"
"To you, to me... To everyone in town, I think."
"Everyone in town? Because I meet with Tipi? I have no idea what you're saying."
"Well, of course you wouldn't understand now. But you'll definitely regret it."
"Why would I regret it? Shiona, please, explain this to me. I'm not very smart, so it's hard for me to understand. If you don't put it clearly..."
"It's simple..."
I heard the sound of boots.
Shiona came closer to me in the dimly-lit entrance.
The next instant, I felt warmth.
And softness.
Shiona was holding me.
"Shiona... Huh? Wha-what..."
"Please, Rei... Can't we just go home together like this?"
"Like this...? What are you saying?"
"It's bad for you and Tipi to meet. To be precise, if you two meet, a chain reaction of bad things will happen. So..."
"Did I somehow make Tipi mad? And she doesn't want to meet me? Is that it?"
"No, quite the opposite. Tipi likes you a lot."
"Well, then..."
"So that's why you can't meet. Please understand what I'm asking of you."
I could feel the pressure of Shiona's arms wrapped around my waist.
A sweet smell enveloped my body and my head began to spin.
"That's what you want?"
"Yes. From the bottom of my heart."
"How would you feel if I met with Tipi?"
"Really, really sad. Blue and very uncomfortable."
"Why? Why do you feel that way?"
Shiona tilted her head back and looked at me with upturned eyes.
Then she said, unflinchingly,
"Because, Rei... I love you."
"You... love...?"
All of my thoughts almost ground to a halt on hearing that word.
There was a soft sigh.
Our lips were about to touch.
Her arms wrapped around my waist.
There was the warmth of contact.
We were as close to each other as possible.
And then, there was that word.
It was just four letters strung together, but it carried such a deep feeling.
That simple word filled me with an intense energy.
I felt more joy than ever before.
I was needed by someone. There was someone who was emotionally invested in me.
I couldn't even imagine a greater level of joy.
But right then, all of that joy was within reach.
I put my weakened arms around Shiona's waist.
Shiona was receptive.
The warmth inside me strengthened.
"Shiona... I..."
"Yes, Rei. I know. So, let's go back. Let's go home..."
I held on to Shiona's hand.
Then turned around and began to head out of the library.
"Thank you, Rei. But this is how it should be. This is all for you, Rei."
With those words, an uncomfortable feeling began to consume me.
Seemingly confused, Shiona spoke after I stopped suddenly.
"Shiona, what you just said about this being 'for me'..."
"Right, that's what I said."
"That's not true, Shiona."
"Not true? What are you talking about, Rei?"
"You said you're doing this for me, but you're not."
"Of course I am, Rei. All of this is for you."
"No. Because when I'm useful to someone, I feel happy. I'm here to be useful to people. But right now, I'm disappearing from the life of someone who I could help. That doesn't make me happy. That isn't for me. So, who are you doing this for?"
"Shiona, I'm going to go see Tipi. This isn't for anyone else. It's for myself. If this brings unhappiness to anyone, well, then that's my fault. But even if that does happen, I won't stop moving. Because this is what I want."
I let go of Shiona's hand and headed back through the library entrance.
I didn't hear any sounds from Shiona behind me.
All Shiona did was stand silently and look at me with sadness on her face.
Leaving the entrance and its rainy scent, I headed further into the library.
With every step I took, the library's carpet soaked up the moisture from the soles of my shoes.
The dry library air clung to my damp skin.
I just continued to feel terrible.
It might have been from how I had left Shiona.
I felt a pain deep within my chest, as if I had swallowed something heavy.
Time and time again I thought of Shiona.
Every time, I saw her sad smile.
Why did this happen?
Why did I do what I did?
Waves of regret began to wash over me.
But my legs did not stop.
The girl was deep inside the library.
The young girl who was always alone.
The young girl who was always blue.
The young girl who was always crying.
I couldn't leave her alone.
That was why I was walking down that hall.
There were drawings affixed to the hallway's walls.
The drawings were done by Tipi. One a day.
On the newest piece of paper was a drawing of a lone girl.
I knew immediately who the girl was.
A small girl, minuscule on the huge paper.
There were tears on her cheeks.
All of the recent drawings were the same.
A picture of a young girl. Crying and alone.
Just looking at them brought an intense pain to my chest.
The young girl was always alone.
I understood that sadness.
I wanted to wipe away that sadness, soon.
I wanted to teach her that she was not alone.
I wanted to tell her that I was there for her.
I walked down the long hallway, scuffing the soles of my wet shoes on the floor.
I continued walking, staring at the drawings which had been placed as high as Tipi could put them.
At that moment, I suddenly had an uncomfortable feeling.
It wasn't from the drawings.
The problem was the number of drawings.
No matter how you looked at Tipi, she was a young girl.
If she was drawing a picture every day, could she really have drawn all of these?
...Maybe she had been drawing several a day.
Even then, the number of drawings seemed impossible.
Has she really been alone for this long?
Was she doing anything besides drawing pictures?
Oh, why had I left this young girl alone?
How many tears had been shed just from that?
The girl in the drawings cried more tears with each passing day.
It showed her sadness was deepening.
I hurried along.
To the lone girl who was crying deep within the library.
To mend her sadness.
To wipe away her tears.
That young girl. I wanted to hold her in my own two arms.
I was moving so fast that I began to breathe heavily as I continued to work my way to the deepest of the library.
She wasn't where I knew she always was.
The teddy bear which was always by her side was also missing.
The only thing there was an unfinished picture and the crayons she had used to draw it.
The drawing was of a lone girl crying.
Where could Tipi have gone?
I searched the surrounding bookshelves but couldn't find her.
Wherein the library could she have been?
Or could she have been outside?
I didn't know the truth.
And I wouldn't if I didn't try to look for Tipi.
I started to walk again.
Weaving through the bookshelves, I looked for the blue girl.
The immense library was not the best place to try to find someone.
On top of that, it was incredibly dark.
Just looking from the ends of the bookshelves was not enough.
I had to check the entire library step by step to be sure.
I marched through all the rows of bookshelves heading back towards the entrance.
My once-soaked clothes had begun to dry.
Then, when my hair was fully dried...
Finally, I found the young girl.
Standing atop a large stepladder, she was organizing books.
As a resident of the library, she was the acting librarian.
She was placing the books the townspeople had returned in their original places.
It was intense labor for this tiny girl.
The thousands of bookshelves in the library were packed with books nearly up to the ceiling, and were lined up end-to-end.
I didn't even want to consider the total amount of books.
The young girl faced this mass of books and went about organizing them every day.
All alone inside this library.
Once that thought entered my head, a deep, twisting pain began to surge within my chest.
Tipi stood on top of the stepladder, stretching out to return a book that was larger than her head.
Once the book was back in place, she took a breath and turned around, facing me.
"Rei! Wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-whoa..."
Upon seeing me, Tipi lost her balance.
"Tipi, watch out!"
The stepladder fell.
Tipi's arms stretched out.
I sent out both of my own in response.
The shock rolled in through my chest and out through my back.
The next thing I knew, I was lying on my back on the floor, holding Tipi in my arms.
"Rei... You came to see me!"
Tipi pressed her cheek against my chest and rubbed it back and forth.
Relieved, I began to pat Tipi's head.
Her soft hair welcomed my fingers.
"Tipi, does anything hurt? Are you okay?"
"Yeah, I'm fine. What about you, Rei?"
"I'm fine. Thanks for asking."
"You saved me, Rei... You're the greatest..."
Her small hands were gripping my clothes.
A little bit of warmth began to spread throughout my chest.
Tipi was crying.
But these tears were different from the usual.
These were tears of relief.
My being there must have made Tipi feel a bit better.
Realizing that sent a surge of joy through me.
"I've been arranging the books. That's great, right? Isn't it?"
"Yeah, it really is. You're a real good kid."
"Hey, keep patting my head. I'm a good kid, right? So please keep patting my head."
"Yeah... You're good, Tipi... A real good kid..."
I kept patting her silky hair.
"Yay... Thank you for doing this, Rei. I'm so happy..."
"Do you always organize the books?"
"Yes. I'm always taking care of the books. Because I want lots and lots of people to read them."
I looked up at the shelves.
A fair number of them were particularly old.
The spines were worn and the colors were faded.
Tipi was taking care of these...
I recalled the time I had let a book get wet in the rain.
By not taking care of it, I was making Tipi's work harder.
I vowed to always take good care of them.
I sat up and leaned against the nearest bookshelf.
"I'm sorry it took so long or me to come."
"That's okay... Because you did come."
"Were you okay all by yourself?"
"No... I was really lonely."
"Have you been crying?"
"Yeah... Yeah, I have..."
Tipi pressed her face into my chest.
I could hear the occasional sob.
"It's okay, Tipi. I'm going to be with you from now on."
"Forever? Are you going to stay with me forever, Rei?"
"Yeah, that's right. I'll come to the library as often as I can."
"You can't live with me?"
Tipi looked up at me.
Giant tears were welling in her eyes.
"That would be a little difficult. Right now Shiona is helping me a lot."
"But I'll come every day. That should make you feel a bit less lonely, right?"
"Yeah... But I feel really lonely at night."
"Oh, at night..."
"It's dark, and cold... And I feel like I'm the only person left in the world."
"That's not true. That's not true at all..."
All I could do was hold Tipi tightly.
I noticed a sweet smell from Tipi.
It was a different sweet scent from Shiona's.
"Yeah, I know... Even if you just come see me, I'll be happy. Hey, Rei. Can I ask you something?"
"Sure, Tipi. What is it?"
"Can you help me?"
"Yeah, of course. No problem at all."
I stood up and held Tipi's hand.
I pushed a cart filled with a number of books as we walked through the library.
"Next is... Um, a book called 'The Philosophy of Body and Mind'."
"That one would be E-Z-493. Three shelves from the top, and the thirteenth book from the right."
Immediately after hearing a book's title, Tipi could say where it belonged.
It was as if she knew everything about all of the library's books.
There was an opening for a book in the exact location she had specified.
It fit perfectly as I slid it in.
Tipi wasn't guessing with any of this.
She spoke the location of each book with a deep confidence.
This piqued my interest, and I decided to ask her a question that was a touch mean.
"Hey, Tipi, can I ask you something?"
"Do you know the beginning to this novel?"
In my hand was a fairly old-looking novel.
Staring at the title, Tipi began to recite as if she had opened the book in her own mind.
"I looked down from a height of five stories. Right beside the school building was a spread of cream-colored bricks that formed a walkway that looked to offer pleasing walks. Beside the walkway was a bed of flowers, and even from this height the splendor if its colors could be seen. If I were to throw myself from here, the cream-colored bricks, the color of the flowers, all of them would be painted with my filthy blood."
Tipi had recited it verbatim.
Each and every handwritten character from the novel.
"Do you remember every single book here?"
"Um... I don't know."
"Well, how about this book?"
Glancing at the book I held out, Tipi's began to recite smoothly.
"The human body contains 206 bones. Starting with the head is the occipital bone, frontal skull bone, temporal bone, parietal bone, sphenoid bone, ethmoid, malleus, incus, stapes, inferior concha, lacrimal bone, nasal bone, vomer, maxilla, palatine, zygomatic bone, jawbone, and hyoid bone, thus connecting to the cervical vertebra, dorsal vertebra, lumbar vertebra, sacral vertebra, caudal vertebra, costa, and from there, the sternum."
"How about this one?"
I pointed to another handwritten book claiming to be the Corpus of Pi.
"How about this 'Soulless Child Theory' book?"
"All things have limits, and the soul is no exception. Children born after the depletion of souls would be soulless instruments. Edward Morgue."
Tipi had memorized every book in this library.
But how?
Even if she had such a tremendous memory, first she would have had to read all of the books.
Even if she read all day every day, it would be impossible to consume the entirety of this sea of books.
What could this all mean?
"Rei, what's wrong?"
"Oh, nothing. Let's take care of the remaining books."
There was no point in thinking about things I couldn't answer.
At the time, I dedicated myself to helping Tipi do her job.
After all the books were back in place, we sat in our usual spot.
"Thank you for helping me, Rei."
Tipi was being sweeter on me than usual.
I wondered if it was because we hadn't met for some time.
She seemed both cute and vulnerable in her dependence on me.
"It's alright, Tipi. You always do this by yourself, right?"
"Yeah... I have for a long, long time. It's so lonely."
"How long have you been by yourself?"
I probably shouldn't have asked that.
Tipi looked up at me with sad eyes.
"I've been alone since a long, long time ago."
Tipi began to talk.
She told me the sad story of how she came to be all alone.
"Papa, Mama."
The story was from when Tipi's parents were still at the library.
The young girl loved them.
She loved her kind mother and father.
Her mother was always smiling, and held Tipi with such gentle care.
Her father always lovingly gazed upon the two of them as he organized the books.
"Oh, Tipi, I'm always spoiling you."
Her father pulled an electronic book reader from the desk.
"Oh, is that so? So you like these books better?"
He put the device away with a wry smile, and instead took a "book" made from paper.
It was an old book, with a cover and pages that showed the wear of being read time and time again.
"Ah, Tipi, come here."
Her mother had called Tipi to sit on her lap, which she did happily.
And then on top of Tipi's lap was a teddy bear her parents had picked out for her.
Tipi enjoyed every day.
Every day with her beloved parents was wonderful.
Every day she felt content.
Tipi's mother always praised her artwork.
"You're definitely going to become an artist. You make your father really proud, Tipi."
Her father always had great hope for her future.
She wanted those days to continue forever.
She wanted to live like that. Just the three of them, together forever.
That was what Tipi thought every day.
Before she knew it, there were more and more days when her parents would frown and wrinkle their brows.
Tipi didn't like to see her parents' faces that way.
The town also began to seem hurried.
All the adults seemed to be talking about something together.
But young Tipi didn't understand any of it.
The only thing she knew was an increasing feeling that her life up until now was about to crumble.
One day, the phone rang.
To Tipi, it was an incredibly sad sound.
After her father picked up the phone, wrinkles began to form on his brow.
He had that expression that Tipi didn't like.
After hanging up the phone, her father began to speak with her mother.
After a while, that conversation became an argument.
They were fighting about something.
The only thing she did know was that seeing the two of them talk to each other like that made her incredibly sad.
"Tipi, could you come here?"
For a while after, her mother stared at Tipi with a solemn look upon her face.
Behind her mother was her father, and behind him was a collection of luggage.
Tipi had realized that her life would no longer be as it had for so long.
"Bad things are happening in the world right now."
"Many people are scared, and can't sleep night after night. That's terrible, right Tipi?"
"There are children all over the world who feel the same. I want to do what I can for them."
"Yes... And I thought that you would say that, Tipi. Now, the next thing I am going to talk to you about is very important. It's okay if you don't understand. Will you listen?"
"Well, the truth is your father and I have to go far away in order to help those children. Even if we go, there is still a chance that nothing will change... But there is a chance it will."
"No. Much farther than that. This place is so far away that it can take many days or even weeks to get there."
When Tipi began heading to her room, her father stopped her.
"Tipi, you don't need to prepare to travel."
"No... Actually, Tipi, your mother and I are the only ones going. Just the two of us."
"Just the two...? What about me?"
Her parents exchanged glances.
Tipi began to get a feeling from the sad look on her parents' faces.
Her eyes suddenly welled up with tears.
"Sorry, Tipi, but we can't do that."
"Because we are going to a very dangerous place. And we don't want to bring you to a place like that. Because you are very important to both of us, Tipi."
"No... No, no, no, no, no... I'm going with you..."
Tipi's parents gently embraced her.
"I'm sorry, Tipi... But we have to go."
"We're both so sorry... But it's okay. We'll be back as soon as we can."
"Very soon... We'll come back so soon that you won't even have time to be lonely."
"Tipi, you're a good girl, so I want you to stay here take care of things. And I want you to keep showing us your drawings."
"That's right. Draw a picture every day. Whatever you see, hear, think, or feel. And then when we come back, I want you to tell us about them."
"Right. And I'll make books from the stories of our travels. And I'll come back so I can read them to you."
"Yes, as real as real can be. I promise you, so..."
The three embraced.
None of them knew how long they would be apart, and they embraced to soothe the pain of their separation.
How long had it been since then?
Tipi continued to draw pictures just like her father had asked.
Each picture she drew, she hung on the wall. They were hung so that her parents would see them as soon as they came back.
The things she saw...
The things she heard...
The things she thought...
The things she felt...
But eventually, these were all buried under thoughts about her parents.
She wanted to be held, to have her hair stroked, her name called, and... She wanted to see them... Soon...
Her heart grew bluer and bluer.
As she cried, the young girl drew pictures...
Tipi told me of her unfortunate past while tears streamed down her face.
Her tiny shoulders shuddered for a fleeting moment.
In front of me was a young girl plagued by sadness.
I couldn't even come close to understanding the depth of what she felt.
Probably because I had never felt sadness to such an extreme.
That's why I couldn't understand Tipi's emotions.
I knew there was a way I could I soothe her pain.
If I just held onto her tightly.
That would do it.
Tipi was sitting with her back against the wall.
I stretched out my hand to her delicate body.
When I touched her shoulders, Tipi jumped a bit.
But it was not in rejection.
My quick movement in the darkness had just startled her.
"You're okay, Tipi. Don't worry."
"Rei, you're not going to disappear, are you?"
"I won't disappear."
"And you won't leave me by myself?"
"I won't leave you by yourself."
"And you won't make me lonely?"
"I won't make you lonely."
"And you won't make me sad?"
"I won't make you sad."
"Will you be nice to me?"
"I'll be nice to you."
"Will you hold me?"
"Yes, I'll hold you."
"Will you pick me up?"
"Yes, I'll pick you up."
"Will you pat my head?"
"Yes, I'll pat your head."
"Will you hold my hand?"
"Yes, I'll hold your hand."
"Will you stay with me forever?"
Tipi's eyes seemed to glow dimly in the darkness.
Her shoulders began to get really hot.
I held Tipi close to my body.
"My, my. Aren't you two getting close?"
A voice reverberated in the darkness, making no attempt to sooth the young girl's sadness.
Although we parted ways at the entrance, it was Shiona's voice.
I noticed Shiona was standing nearby.
Even through the darkness I could make out a faint smile as she made her way toward us.
"But that's certainly too close for comfort. You're both adolescents, after all."
Shiona took my hand off of Tipi.
"No... No..."
Tipi's face hung with sorrow as my arm was pulled away from her.
Without thinking, I raised my voice at Shiona.
"Shiona, what are you doing!?"
"What's gotten into you? Why are you so angry? You've got to think before you get physical with young girls."
"That's not what's happening. Tipi was just sad... I was trying to do whatever I could to ease her pain."
"She's sad? About what?"
"Because her parents haven't returned yet! She's been waiting here all alone. She's been isolated and lonely the whole time!"
"Well, that's just how it is. There's nothing we can do."
"What do you mean there's nothing we can do? What are you talking about..."
Shiona walked over to Tipi.
And then she looked down at the sorrowful girl.
"Hey, Tipi. Sorry to break it to you, but you're going to be alone forever. From now until the end of time."
She said that smiling, like it was nothing.
"Shiona... What in the...?"
"You get it, right Tipi? You know, how your mom and dad aren't coming back?"
"Shiona... Just stop... Why are you saying such horrible things...?"
"You've got to have noticed by now, Tipi. You just can't handle the truth."
"No... It's... No..."
"Tipi, your mom and dad are..."
"Shiona... Don't..."
"They're already dea..."
"I TOLD YOU TO STOP!!"
My voice rung through the library.
My whole body was hot.
My breathing became erratic, and I felt a pain growing in my head.
I gritted my teeth so hard they began to make noises.
I felt like lights were flashing in front of me, and I could barely stand up.
But there was one thing I was certain of, right then.
I felt my chest getting fiery red. Kind of like how Madd must have felt.
This was the emotion called "anger."
I felt anger boiling inside me due to the injustice unfolding in front of me.
She had just dashed all of the little blue girl's hopes.
With her cruel words, she had hurt Tipi deeply.
Tipi cried, but her voice could not escape her mouth.
Her face became drenched.
Her sadness took the form of massive tears, which began streaming from her cheeks.
Her reaction made it clear that she was gripped by a boundless sadness that tore at her very soul.
Shiona continued to bash her verbally.
"I mean, come on. Do you even know how long Tipi's parents have been gone for?"
"Tipi, you've been drawing pictures every day, yeah? How many have you drawn by now?"
"I said stop..."
"Don't you get even more depressed, drawing each day? You're probably thinking, 'I wonder how many more I have to draw until mommy and daddy come back'."
"Just... Stop..."
"It doesn't matter how much you cry. Because in the end, you're just crying to soothe yourself. Just because you're crying doesn't mean anything is going to change."
"Please stop..."
"So cry to your heart's content. You're doing it because you want someone to feel pity for you. But the truth is that you're just running away from reality."
"Please... Please stop..."
"Just grow the hell up already. Your mom and dad aren't coming back. Never again. That's right. You won't see your parents ever again, Tipi."
"I guess I should tell you. Rei's only here because he takes pity on you. It's not because he cares about you like your parents loved you. He's only here because he's bound by pity for you. Do you get it now, Tipi? You're all alone."
"SHUT UP!!"
My roar echoed.
After it bounced from wall to wall and dissipated, only Tipi's soft crying lingered on.
Tipi's empty eyes looked up at Shiona.
I felt like the light that had once shown through them had vanished.
"Rei, pampering someone and consoling someone are two different things."
"That's not... It's not what I..."
"Rei, just accept it. Tipi's parents are no longer alive."
"There's no way that's... true..."
"So then, why do you think they haven't contacted her even once? You think they wouldn't write a single letter to their precious, adorable little princess?"
"Well... They're most likely very busy and..."
"Wouldn't you make the time if you knew someone you loved was worried? ESPECIALLY if it's your own kid. The fact that they haven't means that they're..."
"Please... Just stop..."
"dead. Tipi's parents are definitely dead."
I froze in place.
The way she said it was as normal as ever. She was still smiling and her voice was gentle.
It would even have been better if she had said it coldly.
The whole situation put me at a loss for words.
Still smiling, Shiona turned her sights onto Tipi again.
"Tipi, the only ones in your family are you and your parents. But they aren't coming back. Which means that even if you're with someone, you'll never be whole again. Even if Rei were with you, he could never be your family. And that's something you can never change. Forever and ever, you will always be alone."
Shiona turned on her heel and made her way toward the entrance.
On her way there, she turned and looked toward me over her shoulder.
But she kept her gaze on the floor.
"Rei... This is all for you."
After saying that, she left the library.
Silence fell over the library.
I could only hear Tipi weeping softly.
I had gone mad with rage over what Shiona had said, and felt drained.
I couldn't even stand up.
But, there was a little girl crying next to me.
I couldn't just leave her as she was at the time.
She probably had a lot on her mind.
Like how she was all alone in the world.
Or how she was going to live a life of loneliness.
I didn't want her to think those things.
I wanted her to know that she wasn't alone.
The feelings I had for her weren't pity.
They weren't even close to that.
I sat there for a bit thinking of what to say.
I reached my hand out for Tipi's shoulder.
I hugged her delicate shoulders.
At first Tipi seemed startled, but then she fell into my chest.
She pushed her face against it, and continued to weep silently.
All I could do was pat her quivering shoulders over and over.
If only there was a way make her feel better, even for just a moment...
I didn't know how long we stayed like that.
We just sat and held each other.
After a while, I began to lose track of time.
Then Tipi got up unsteadily and began walking, seemingly looking for something.
She didn't answer.
It was a sketch book and crayons.
She brought them over to where I was sitting.
She sat right in front of me, and put her back to my stomach.
She still didn't answer.
Instead, she flipped through the pages.
She settled on a brand new page, and held a crayon in her hand.
Without a moment's hesitation, she began dragging the crayon across the paper.
She started drawing something cute that a kid her age would draw.
She first drew a little blue girl.
She had tears streaming down her cheeks.
Her eyes were a bit swollen and red.
I gently petted her head,
She lowered her gaze, and began drawing again.
Next, she began drawing a person similar to myself.
His hands were on the little girl's head.
It looked like he was patting her on the head.
She drew one more person.
It was Shiona.
She was a bit off to the side, and had a scary expression on her face as she looked at the young girl.
That was Shiona, according to Tipi.
Even to me, that was how Shiona had looked when facing Tipi.
Why did she do those terrible things?
Also, what did she mean by saying that?
"This is all for you."
I had no idea what that meant.
Actually, I didn't want to know.
She went and made Tipi cry, so I had no idea how it was for me.
Would making someone sad actually make me happy?
No, there was no way that was true.
It was something that shouldn't be true.
In order to get Shiona's words out of my head, I hugged Tipi harder.
Her voice was so faint I barely heard it.
Even still, I could sense a hint of happiness in it.
I thought about something as I gazed at the picture.
Maybe this was the only way Tipi could escape her sadness.
People dreamed when their days were over.
Basically, it was said that dreams existed for the brain to record and process the events of the day.
Maybe for Tipi, this picture worked like that.
The things that transpired that day...
From good times to bad times, she drew it all.
Maybe organizing her memories was a way for her to calm down.
In fact, she looked a lot more peaceful.
As she progressed with the picture, her sadness slowly faded.
It was almost as if her sadness was transferred to the picture.
She took my hand as she stood up.
She led me to an entire wall covered with her pictures.
Every day she would draw just one.
There were just too many to count by now.
She put the picture she drew that day on the endmost part of the wall.
Another picture to add to the massive collection.
I felt like the wall of drawings was almost a diary chronicling her isolation.
She had been adding to this story, day by day, all alone.
A terribly sad story, chronicled in isolation.
With that thought, I felt something rising in my chest.
My voice caught in my throat reflexively when I looked at her sorrowful face.
Instead of answering, I held Tipi close.
After a moment I could hear her breathing softly, asleep.
My gaze went back and forth between Tipi and the wall covered in pictures.
Perhaps these drawings were a direct representation of her heart.
Occupied with such thoughts, I found myself drifting off to sleep.
It was the church I was living at.
I stood in front of those large, familiar white doors.
I opened the doors with both hands.
The inside of the chapel was choked by an oppressive silence.
Actually, it wasn't completely silent.
The faint sound of crying could still be heard.
I made my way through the chapel.
There, I came face to face with the source of the sounds.
It was someone who always had a smile on her face.
Her frail shoulders shuddered as she cried.
There wasn't any trace of her usual smile.
I couldn't hide my shock.
Why was she crying?
I didn't know the reason.
Whatever the case, Shiona was crying right in front of me.
They weren't fake tears.
And even then I couldn't do anything.
Actually, that wasn't the case.
There was something I could do.
I stretched out my hand.
My fingers extended toward Shiona's eyes.
There was nothing I could do to stop her tears.
But I could wipe them away.
But that was all I could do...
I reached out to one large tear.
But my hand suddenly stopped.
My fingers... They were made of mechanical parts.
My extended index finger was gleaming and metallic...
Ah, that was right.
I had forgotten.
No, I wanted to forget.
I wasn't a human.
I was made.
Wasn't I allowed to wipe away the tears of those close to me?
Why did I even have hands in the first place?
One after another, her tears hit the floor.
Perhaps they were tears of sadness.
A sadness she had probably never shown anyone.
Still, I couldn't stop them and I couldn't even wipe them away.
So then, why was I there?
But now that I was there, what could I do for Shiona?
I couldn't find the answers to those questions.
I couldn't move my mechanical hand anymore...
An instant later, a metallic grinding noise echoed around me.
The noise pulsed and reverberated, assaulting my ears.
But then I noticed my extended fingers.
They had broken off and were falling toward the floor.
It started with my fingers, and then moved to my palm... My wrist... Arm... And then shoulders.
The parts that made up my body were breaking apart.
Eventually, I couldn't even stand anymore. My legs gave out.
My legs and torso turned to scrap.
A heap of rusted iron built up.
I couldn't even raise my voice in protest. I had to accept my fate.
She was crying quietly.
The most painful part was that I couldn't even do a thing but look on.
I couldn't even extend my mechanical hand.
I didn't have arms or fingers anymore.
My body kept falling apart. Eventually, the decay reached my head.
I couldn't feel any pain.
There was no way I could.
Even though my chest was gone, a pain still lingered there.
It wasn't pain because my body was falling apart.
The last thing I saw before my vision became blurred was Shiona's sorrowful visage and tears.
In the end, I was just...
a pile of scrap metal.
Suddenly, I woke up.
Was I screaming? I don't remember.
My breathing was erratic.
I hurriedly inspected my surroundings.
It was a dark, dusty space.
The air was damp, warm, and sticky.
Then I noticed the bookshelves filled with thick books.
I was in the library.
I had fallen asleep, and today was a new day.
I rushed to take off my glove, to see if my right hand was still there.
Thankfully, it was still intact. The dream hadn't come true.
But my hand was still a machine, just like in the dream.
Tipi was still sleeping peacefully on my legs.
Her peaceful expression in sleep gave no hint at her despair the night before.
It seemed I had experienced what would've been called a dream, for a person.
During sleep mode, I could sometimes see past memories as my memory banks were organized.
Perhaps what I saw was something like a prediction based on experience and memory.
Perhaps some part of me had calculated that this was a future possibility.
Even so, it was unbearably sad.
I still felt an uneasiness in my chest that I couldn't dispel.
Why did Shiona's tears shake me up so much?
And why was I so powerless?
I wasn't the real deal.
That much I knew.
Or, I thought I knew that.
Regardless, I still wanted people to smile.
Shiona, Tipi... Even the people in town. I wanted everyone to smile.
But I couldn't do it.
It was the truth, but I wished it wasn't.
I was an object that had been constructed.
And that was one truth that I couldn't go against.
But even faced with that truth, I hoped.
I hoped for the ability to make the people around me smile.
However, it was never meant to be.
When I tried to make Tipi smile, Shiona certainly didn't.
When I tried to make Shiona smile, Tipi wouldn't stop crying.
Why was this so difficult?
Was there a smoother way I could have used to make everyone happy?
As I watched Tipi sleeping soundly, something was eating away at my chest.
I stroked Tipi's head with my fingers.
I ran them through her silky hair, meeting no resistance.
I caught a sweet fragrance coming from her.
"Mnnm... Mnnmm..."
Tipi let out a soft noise. Perhaps she was dreaming.
Her sleeping face made me want to protect her more than ever.
But how could I?
I looked back and forth from my mechanical right hand to Tipi's face. I didn't know what to do.
I wondered if I could just stay in this soothing moment forever.
But I couldn't.
From far away, I heard a strange noise.
It sounded like footsteps, as though a hundred people were walking in unison.
Then, I began to hear faint screams and the sounds of objects breaking.
Those two things completely destroyed what small hopes I held.
I hurriedly put my glove back on.
"Wh... What's going on, Rei?"
Tipi woke up from all the commotion.
A look of uneasiness spread across her face.
"I don't know... But it seems like something has happened."
"What? What do you mean 'something'?"
"I have no idea. But it definitely doesn't seem like a good thing."
I stood up and made my way through the aisles of the library.
"Rei? Where are you going?"
"I'm just going to see what happened."
"No... Don't go, Rei."
"Don't worry. I'm not going anywhere. I'm just going to the roof to have a look."
"No... Don't..."
Tipi held on to me, crying.
I probably reminded her of her parents disappearing.
"It's alright. Everything's going to be okay, Tipi."
"Have I ever broken a promise to you?"
"That's right. When I said I'd come back to see you, I actually did, right?"
"Yeah. You keep your promises."
"So, like I said. Don't worry. I'm going to go up and see, and I'll come right back."
"Okay. But please hurry back."
"Of course."
After making that promise to Tipi, I made my way to the roof of the library.
After climbing the long spiral staircase, I finally arrived at a large, rusted door.
It seemed like it hadn't been used in a long time.
A terrible, grinding creak assaulted my ears as I opened the door.
I continued to push the door open.
When suddenly...
I realized the disaster in front of my eyes.
Plumes of black smoke rose from sources all over the village.
I hadn't misheard the scream-like sounds; they were coming from the townspeople as they fled something.
Chasing after the townsfolk were a number of dirty, cloaked figures.
They simply advanced silently at a walk, holding firearms. Yet their perfectly-coordinated movements were driving the fleeing townspeople into corners.
Their movement looked entirely calculated.
There was some sort of spoken exchange occurring between the assailants and the townsfolk, now trapped against a wall.
Signaling each other with nods, the assailants placed their weapons against the heads of the townsfolk.
Then, without any signs of hesitation, they pulled the triggers.
With a crack, the heads of the townsfolk jolted, and their bodies fell to the ground...
It was that sound that brought me back to reality and made me realize what had happened.
It was difficult to believe... but the town was apparently under attack.
Shiona had spoken the truth...
I rushed to make my way back to the lobby.
On seeing me, Tipi worriedly asked me some questions.
"Rei... Did something happen? You look really scared."
"I don't really understand what happened... But I feel like... it's something really bad..."
I fumbled for words, unable to tell Tipi exactly what I had seen.
"Something bad? What do you mean?"
"I think this town... is under attack."
"Oh no... I'm scared..."
"Don't worry. It's happening on the far side of town. We're still safe here, so please calm down."
"Okay... But what should we do?"
"I'm... I'm going to go and see what's happening for myself."
I was concerned for the town, but more so for Shiona's safety.
Regardless of what had happened yesterday, she was still the human who saved me.
I also did not know why Shiona was so harsh to Tipi alone, when she was incredibly kind to everyone else.
I still had no idea what she meant about it all being for me.
"No, don't go... Please... Rei..."
"Don't worry, Tipi. I promise I'll come back."
"Really? Do you really mean it?"
"Of course. So can you wait for me just a little while?"
"If you promise to come back, I'll wait."
Tipi squeezed her teddy bear tightly.
But her scared expression stayed the same.
Wasn't there anything I could do about this little girl's uncertainty and sadness?
Even though I still felt a darkness in my chest, I made my way out of the library.
I decided to take the back roads on my way to town.
What was happening in the town clearly wasn't good.
If I was found, I might well be harmed in some way.
I made for the plaza, keeping my footfalls as quiet as possible.
I wanted to arrive there before the group did, but I knew it was impossible using the winding route I took.
As I drew closer to the town's center, devastated buildings began to come into view.
But these buildings had all looked sturdy yesterday.
Had the strangers who were chasing the townspeople around done this?
The town had been beautiful yesterday; today, smoke poured from it.
Why did the buildings in this quiet town have to be destroyed?
Nothing about it made sense to me, no matter how hard I thought on it.
As the wailing and sound of buildings being destroyed grew louder, I finally arrived at the answer.
...It was a horrible scene at the plaza.
Many men were chasing and restraining the townspeople.
They had guns, and were using unnecessary force to corral men, women, and even children.
The captured townspeople were sitting in the central part of the plaza.
There were children wailing. There were wordless screams of rage.
The armed men were completely indifferent to the commotion, with calm looks on their faces.
Or perhaps it wasn't quite right to call them calm.
Their expressions were utterly uninterested, like that of someone glancing at a rock beside the road.
I couldn't see Shiona anywhere. Did that mean that she hadn't been caught yet?
"What's the situation?"
"The majority of the residents have been captured. Getting the rest is just a matter of time."
I heard two men talking nearby.
I moved closer, doing my best not to be noticed.
"What about the food and water?"
"They have plenty saved up. A groundwater source has also been found."
"I see. This is a greater harvest than we had imagined."
"Yes, sir. A settlement is possible, sir."
These men were the group of humans that had been attacking towns to seize food and water.
I realized I was clenching my fist.
I couldn't allow this injustice to unfold.
They were hurting innocent people, just to take things from them.
But there was nothing I could do.
I couldn't even jump out from where I was.
I knew better than anyone that I was completely powerless.
"But how was a town this small even discovered?"
"You remember that slave who ran off a few days back?"
"The one who was preaching about living together with Phiroids...?"
"Right, that fool with his head stuck in the past. The idea of coexisting peacefully with Phiroids in this world is utter nonsense."
Coexisting peacefully...
The words reminded me of that young man.
That young man's last words... the man I saved and brought back to this town.
Which meant that the wounds he suffered were inflicted by these humans.
"So we treated him just like a Phiroid, using him as a manual laborer."
"We chased after him simply to recapture him, and he ended up being useful in a surprising way."
One man continued on in an uninflected tone.
"Someone showed up to help him and led us to this town."
On hearing this, a shiver ran down my spine.
Why hadn't I thought of the reason for that young man's injuries at the time?
Shiona had warned me about the marauding groups, yet...
If I had paid more attention while I was returning to town, I might have been able to avoid being followed.
I regretted choosing the easy approach in a moment of shock.
The town had been attacked because of... me.
"All of the town leaders have been brought together. There was no resistance."
"I see. Now select the oral-nutrient consumer types that have no production or management skills from that group. All causes for productivity loss..."
As he said that, the man who had received the report reached into a pocket and pulled out a gun.
"...are to be disposed of."
As the meaning of his words dawned on me, I screamed.
Some part of me coldly pointed out that what I had done was intensely foolish.
But I couldn't restrain myself from screaming when faced with those who would casually "dispose of" the townspeople who had been so kind to me.
With that, the men turned toward me.
Our eyes met.
"Capture him."
As he spoke, the men rushed toward me.
Shaken, I started to run.
However, my body hadn't caught up with the situation.
My legs were unsteady and I fled with my balance askew, falling over myself.
They were right behind me almost immediately.
They moved with a mechanical sort of precision.
Things looked bad. They were going to catch me.
I took a chance and ran down an alley.
The alley was dotted with muddy pits due to the recent rain.
I continued to flee, the mud sucking at my feet as I went.
I tried to slow them by knocking over boards leaning against nearby walls when I could.
But it wasn't enough to stop them.
I knew they were right behind me.
I didn't know if I could lose them.
I was heading for the library.
Even if I managed to make it there, they would have found out about Tipi.
And if she was attacked...
I changed directions.
I ran into what looked to be the back door of the nearest building.
Coincidentally, it was also the door to Madd's shop.
I looked for a place to hide myself...
I stared at the person sitting in the chair.
"Madd, when did you ge... Wait, no! It's too dangerous here! You and I have to get... Madd?"
Madd didn't answer. He sat with his arms folded, just as he had after we finished using the projector that day.
"Madd, can you hear me!?This isn't the time for jokes, Madd... Madd?"
I swallowed my screams at the last second.
I touched Madd's shoulder, and he... quietly fell from his chair. It was as if he was already dead.
Perhaps those men had "disposed of" him. But there were no signs of injury on him.
If that was the case, then what exactly happened? Who did this? And why!?
"Target acquired."
In a dark twist, the voices of my pursuers brought me back to reality as I was beginning to panic.
However, it was too late.
"We have enough laborers. Eliminate him."
I couldn't cope with what was happening. I leaped away from Madd. One of the soldiers barged in, trained his gun on me, and...
The next instant, many things happened at once.
The front door was kicked open.
A gunshot rang out sharply.
Someone slid in front of me, to protect me.
It took me some time to understand what had happened.
In line with the barrel of the gun.
A figure interposed itself, protecting me.
The figure's face turned back to look at me.
The figure looked at me with the same, unchanging smile as always.
After a few seconds...
My face white as a ghost, I screamed.
Still smiling, her hair swayed as she fell to her knees then collapsed onto the floor.
After watching what happened, my body began moving on its own.
Using my mechanical arm, I punched the shelf and sent it crashing down. It had a domino effect and caused other shelves to fall down. Fragments of broken products and dust surrounded me.
At the same time, I grabbed a can off the floor and threw it at the window as hard as I could.
The men reacted to the sound of broken glass.
"He escaped through the window."
"After him."
The men dashed outside through the still-open doorway.
"Are they finally gone?"
As for me, I was next to the downed shelves. I was hunched over, motionless, my body halfway embedded in the damaged floor.
I was covering Shiona to make sure she didn't get hit by the shelves and debris.
"Shiona, Shiona! Hang in there!"
Shiona's eyes were still closed, and I began shaking her violently.
She seemed to have lost consciousness.
I looked her over, but I couldn't find any wounds.
Had the bullet missed her? But she had lost consciousness, so she couldn't be alright.
Regardless, I had to find shelter for a while.
The only place close by was...
I took a deep breath, and remembered.
The young girl waiting at the library came into focus.
I took the back roads to the library in order to avoid discovery by the humans.
Having Shiona on my back was a significant handicap, but I avoided my enemies by cutting through one gutted building after another.
Shiona didn't move at all over the journey. That made her easier to carry, but it also made me more worried for her.
If anything had happened to Shiona... Even as my terror at the thought nearly overwhelmed me, I arrived at the library.
The clouds that had stolen the sky were growing even darker.
After finally arriving at the library, I began my search for Tipi.
Was Tipi alright?
From what I could see, the library hadn't been attacked so far.
There were no traces of anyone entering, either.
Once past the entrance, the interior of the library silent.
Feeling a sense of relief, I weaved in and out of the aisles to search for Tipi.
However, I couldn't find her no matter how much I searched.
I began searching for her again to drive off the unpleasant thoughts.
She wasn't at her usual place, and she wasn't organizing the bookshelves.
Holding onto my hopes, I ventured toward the lobby.
I arrived at the lobby counter.
I looked behind it.
There, I found Tipi quivering and covering her eyes and ears.
I extended a hand to the tiny girl.
"Tipi, I'm back."
Her shoulders jumped a little.
But after realizing I was back, she jumped up and hugged me.
"Welcome back. I always believed in you, Rei."
She pushed her tear-streaked face against my chest.
She was shivering terribly.
Once again, I had left her alone with her fears.
I began to pat her back.
"Don't worry... I won't leave you again."
I didn't know if it was because of what I said, but Tipi's quivering slowed and eventually stopped.
"What happened? What's wrong with Shiona?"
She looked at Shiona, whose eyes were still closed, and then began asking questions cautiously.
I told her flatly without hiding anything.
"She was shot. All because she protected me... I couldn't find any wounds, but she lost consciousness..."
"Show her to me now!"
With sharp movements that I hadn't seen from her previously, Tipi laid Shiona on the floor.
"Rei, turn around. I'm going to search Shiona for any wounds."
"Ah... Right... So... Is she hurt!?"
"I don't know. But I'm going to check."
I saw Tipi start to unfasten Shiona's clothing, then quickly turned away.
Soon after...
"Everything's okay. There were... no problems, Rei."
Tipi had returned to her normal way of speaking.
I turned around silently.
Shiona was lying the floor of the lobby, breathing softly.
I thought she had been hit when she covered me, but it seemed as if the sound of the point-blank gunshot had knocked her unconscious.
"Thank goodness..."
I breathed an enormous sigh of relief.
"Rei, why was Shiona shot?"
"The humans came. And they began raiding the town. They destroyed buildings, and..."
I didn't tell her about how they were "disposing of" people, or about how Madd might have already been "dealt with."
"When they found me and were about to shoot me, Shiona jumped in front of me and..."
Without thinking, I had my fist clenched. Tipi gazed at me with sympathy in her eyes.
"I see... Well if that's true... Then we might not be safe here, either."
She said with a gentle smile.
"Maybe we can hide and wait it out... We could make do until the humans left, somehow..."
Tipi shook her head sadly to cut me off.
"The humans found the town. A town they can live in. Which means they'll come here, too."
"No way... They're here to stay...?"
"Yeah, this is a 'town', after all."
Ah, right. A town.
I had walked through the barren wastes before I got to this town.
There was no water or food. I thought I was going to die the entire time.
Those humans must have also had to survive in such a world.
If they had, then this "town" was a paradise beyond their wildest dreams.
"But... Even so, why do they have to steal it? The people living here would have taken them in."
"It's all so that they can survive."
"So... they think they can do anything, even sacrifice the lives of other people for their own sake...? That's wrong!"
"Rei, you're scaring me..."
"Ah, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you..."
I unclenched the fist I had balled up in anger, and began to pat Tipi to calm her down.
I had to focus on Shiona and Tipi.
If we stayed in the town, they were both in danger.
In all honesty, I wanted to help everyone in the town. But I couldn't do that right then. I wasn't strong or smart enough.
I subdued the emotions Shiona and the townspeople had taught me, and attempted to think more mechanically... More efficiently...
First, we needed to get to a place where we could calm down.
"Tipi, let's leave the town. Then we can think of a way to save the townspeople."
I felt my chest constrict as I spoke.
I had just assigned priorities to lives.
I chose the lives in front of me. The ones within my reach.
It was certainly disgraceful. All life is equally precious... But even so, I found myself choosing.
"Sounds like a good idea."
This agreement from a little girl lessened the guilt weighing me down.
"Let's hide in the abandoned factory for a bit. There's nothing that humans want over there."
"Alright, but we have to prepare food for you and Shiona..."
"Yeah, good point. If we can make it to the church, then that would be great."
The library we were in and the church were at opposite ends of the town, with the plaza in the center.
If we were to leave the town and make a detour, we could have been caught with no cover. That would have led to all of us getting picked off at range. To make matters worse, I had to carry Shiona on my back.
Which meant I would probably have to crawl through debris in order to advance, again. Also, Tipi was with me this time, making things even more difficult.
I explained to her as best as I could.
"Is it hard to get to the church?"
"Yeah... Well, right now it is."
"So we should go under, then."
"Yes, under. We'll get there by going under the ground."
"Under the ground... Do you mean like tunnels?"
"Yes, tunnels. Nobody will be able to find us there."
"Tunnels... But how?"
"Well, you open the manhole, and then you can walk around under the town."
I never knew.
But it made sense. Underground, nobody could find us and we could make it to the church safely.
"That's a good idea, Tipi! You're really smart."
"Hehe... Thank you."
"But where are the manholes located?"
"Hm... Follow me."
Tipi led me to a bookshelf by the hand.
Without the slightest bit of hesitation, she took me straight to a bookshelf.
"That's the one."
I picked up the book she indicated, and opened it up.
Inside were detailed maps of the locations of manholes and tunnels under the town.
"This is amazing, Tipi! With this, we should be able to get to the church with no problem at all!"
I patted Tipi on the head, and her eyes started to shine with happiness.
But her expression of joy was still mixed with sadness.
"Alright, Tipi. Let's move out!"
"Okay... But hold on a moment. I need to prepare... Can I have a second?"
"Sure, no problem."
She made a slight bow, and disappeared into the back room.
I paused a moment to observe Shiona lying on the floor.
Tipi had said there wasn't a problem, but I was concerned that she hadn't regained consciousness.
Maybe they didn't shoot her with bullets, but rather with a weapon that takes away your freedom to move.
If I knew the cause, I could find a solution.
I never realized the unknown could be so terrifying.
"Thanks for waiting, Rei. ...What's wrong?"
Tipi came out of the back room.
"It's nothing. I was just worried about Shiona, that's all."
I answered, trying to appear as calm as I could.
"Alright, what are you bringing?"
Tipi had said she needed to prepare, and was holding a large bag.
"My teddy bear... Coloring books... Crayons."
"Alright then. Those are important, yeah."
"Also... A photo of my mom and dad."
She said sadly.
A photo of the parents she would likely never see again.
I couldn't make out how she was feeling when she looked at that photo.
"Ah, but what about this?"
Other than the big bag, Tipi was also holding a thin yet solid case made out of metal. It looked a bit big for a girl Tipi's size to carry.
"Oh this? I'll explain later. But come on. Let's go."
"Oh... Alright..."
Tipi helped me pick Shiona up from the floor. Strangely, I couldn't feel her weight.
"Alright, Tipi. I'm ready when you are."
"Yeah... Bye-bye home..."
Tipi said her farewells as we approached the innumerable bookshelves.
There was a hit of sadness in her voice.
I still hadn't been able to help her with that at all.
But I hadn't given up.
We were going to be together forever, from that point on.
Even if it was slow progress as we spent time together,
I wanted to relieve Tipi from her misery.
Someday, I hoped I could see a real heartfelt smile from her.
In secret, that was what I hoped for.
The three of us set off, leaving the library behind.
Making our way while always paying attention to our surroundings took more time than I thought it would.
Even so, Tipi came along without letting out a peep.
When we made it to the church, we were both awfully exhausted.
There were no signs of humans in the area.
We stepped inside the church, looking around the vicinity cautiously.
The chapel was as still as death.
It was a silence that made the turmoil in the town seem like an utter lie.
I spotted the music box on the altar inside the chapel.
Had Shiona been listening to it here?
My footsteps as I headed to the music box resounded through the chapel.
Drawing close to the altar, I reached for the music box.
When I turned the handle, a melody flowed out from inside.
That melody warmed me somewhere inside my chest.
Suddenly, I heard a singing voice.
It came from behind me.
Shiona spoke, climbing down from my back.
"Sorry, I guess I passed out."
"Don't worry about that. Are you hurt? Tipi said you're fine, but..."
"No, I seem to be fine."
Shiona smiled to calm me. Then she saw Tipi beside me.
"Tipi... You came too."
Tipi nodded, with a face that was as sad as always, yet seemingly prepared for something.
"But Tipi, for you the library is..."
Tipi held out the palm of her hand toward Shiona, stopping her from speaking.
"That was the only choice. You saw the town, so you must understand, right?"
"I understand, I do... but...!"
Shiona hung her head as if she was trying to resist something.
In response, Tipi was nothing but kind.
"Thank you for everything."
I had not expected to hear that. Shiona took a breath and looked into Tipi's tiny eyes.
"I realized it while I was with Rei. What it was you were trying to do."
"But, then..."
"Because of that, I came here. The library is beyond hope now. And likely, the town is too."
"Tipi, I'm sorry..."
"It's alright. You don't have to cry."
Shiona knelt and dove toward Tipi, pressing herself to the girl's chest. Tipi held her gently as she spoke.
It was a sight that could have tricked you into believing that Tipi was the elder of the two.
"Rei, what do we do now?"
I hurriedly came back to my senses when she asked me.
"If Shiona seems alright, then I want to help the townspeople. Especially the people they said would be disposed of."
"Disposed of?"
It was a heartless way to put it. A way of reducing humans to objects, instead of treating them as people.
Arrogant and tyrannical... Those guys were just like robots, without an ounce of warmth in their hearts.
"Can you do it, Rei?"
"I don't know. But I can't just sit by and watch people about to be killed."
"But Rei, it's dangerous."
"Yeah, I know, but..."
My opponents were people who could turn a gun on anyone without batting an eye. There wasn't anything I could do by facing them head-on.
And there definitely was no way to discuss anything with them.
"I'll make a promise. I'll definitely come back if it gets even a little dangerous."
"You must. Because if you get hurt... nothing can undo that."
"Yeah. And I don't intend to leave you behind either."
Silently, we stared at one and another.
"Don't forget about me..."
With that, we separated like two magnets repelling each other.
"S-Sorry! It's not that we forgot you!"
"Shiona gets all the attention..."
Tipi spoke, the corners of her lips pulling into a slight frown.
"Sorry, Tipi. I didn't mean..."
I softly stroked her head as I apologized.
"Hmph. That's not what I meant, but..."
Even as she spoke, Tipi's expression didn't seem nearly as upset as she was letting on.
The first to grin at the situation was Shiona. Then Tipi and I smiled too.
We all laughed together.
All three of us held hands.
We grasped each others' hands tightly, as if we'd never let go again.
While that determination was still strong, I made a declaration.
"We three will always be together. Forever."
But then, as if to mock me...
Footsteps echoed in the distance.
Shiona and Tipi's smiles both stiffened.
Mine certainly must have, as well.
All the townspeople were being held.
So the ones headed for this church...
They had to be humans.
I was the first of us able to move. I looked out from the window, careful not to make a sound.
There was a single figure visible. But I couldn't tell how many would come after him.
"Shiona, Tipi, get inside the chapel. Try to crouch down as much as you can so you can't be seen from outside."
"Okay, but shouldn't I lock the door first?"
"No. If you do that, he'll definitely call for help. Then we won't stand a chance."
I wanted to disable the human outside, without making any noise if I could help it.
If I only had one opponent, I thought I could manage somehow. And if there were two, maybe I could spring a surprise attack.
But if there were three or more... I didn't tell Shiona or Tipi, but I planned on being the only one caught in that case.
I walked quietly to stand in the shadow of the door. Meanwhile, the footsteps grew closer.
There was only one pair. No one seemed to be coming after them.
I quietly sucked in a deep breath, preparing myself for the worst.
I even prepared myself for Shiona and Tipi to find out the truth.
My breath froze. The footsteps... were right beside me.
The door opened slowly.
Then a man holding a pistol entered, also slowly.
Instantly, I swung my arm down on him at full force from a blind spot.
My aim was true, and it knocked the gun from his hands.
Without a moment's delay, I kicked the fallen gun and sent it flying.
I aimed to trip him at the same time, but as expected he was able to avoid it.
We were still so close as to be glued to each other.
It was probably best to assume he had weapons other than the gun.
If he did and I sprung on him the moment he reached for one, I would catch him off guard.
But the man just silently tilted his head and looked at me.
"What do you think you're doing?"
He asked in a monotone.
"Why are you hostile to us? Are you the owner of this town?"
"Owner? I just want to do whatever I can to help the people of this town."
"You almost sound like a Phiroid."
"So what? That's my reason for being."
With those words, I removed the glove from my right hand, showing my mechanical hand.
It wasn't a good idea to go toe-to-toe with me and my mechanical body.
If I could get him to believe that, maybe he'd back down.
All I wanted then was to ensure Shiona and Tipi's safety. Even if my true form was exposed to them, I would protect what I wanted to protect.
That was my duty as a Phiroid.
The man tilted his head once again in response to my action.
"What are you saying? Phiroids can't take any sort of combative action. They're made to be unable to defy humans, and to follow orders."
"It doesn't matter. You are a nonconformist, poisoned by thoughts of the old ways. I will eliminate you before your evil spreads."
The man produced a knife without showing any signs of being shaken, and sprung at me.
The tip of the knife sped toward me, aimed directly at my throat.
I grabbed the blade with my mechanical hand. Then, putting all of my strength into the motion, I twisted it.
And just like that, the blade of the knife broke at the base with a snap.
I used the weight of my whole body to push him down. I held my left elbow to his throat and held down both of his legs with my knees.
Shiona jumped out from inside the room.
"Don't look!"
I held down his throat again with my left hand, speaking as I raised the exposed metal of my right hand.
My metal arm that could break even a knife... If I swung it down on his head at full force that would be the end.
"Rei, stop."
With a trembling voice, she pleaded.
Gnashing my teeth, I mustered all of my strength... and brought down my right hand.
A dull sound echoed around me.
My right hand was halfway embedded.
Not into the man's head, but into the floor immediately beside it.
"Why let me live? If you're thinking about your safety, killing me is the correct choice."
He spoke, still utterly expressionless.
"I don't think so. Killing is the wrong choice no matter the reason."
"You're beyond all help. Such inefficient thinking."
"I'll make you our hostage. Then I can make them free the townspeople."
I grabbed the nape of his neck, pulling him up.
"That would be pointless. My life isn't worth that much. If my death grants my comrades a future, then there is no reason to begrudge it."
Without changing the tone of his voice in the least, the man produced something from his pocket.
It was an old style of bomb. He seized my arm as he pulled the pin.
I drew back my arm immediately, but he was unyielding.
"You will die with me."
I was horrified.
How could this human not show any emotions in his expression even as he attempted to end his own life?
His eyes were vacant of all signs of awareness, and it felt as though they had paralyzed me.
I had to get it to together! If he made me stop thinking, it was all over!
My thoughts changed gears instantly, and I started to analyze the situation.
What the man held was a very small bomb, the size of a small fruit.
But as a bomb, it was probably lethal, and above all the sound of the explosion was likely to be noticed by the humans occupying the town.
When would it go off, when?
The man must have intended to kill himself as well. I certainly didn't have much time.
But what could I do? If the explosion was large, it could hurt Shiona and Tipi where they were hiding.
If it was impossible to disable the bomb, then how could I keep its effect to a minimum?
I reflexively clung to the man, in a way that put the bomb between us.
This way, at least I might be able to protect Shiona and Tipi. Maybe it wasn't a perfect plan, but it was the option I thought was best.
If I could at least protect those two...
The very next instant came an impact.
It came from beside me. It was enough to knock me away... no, it did knock me away!
As I rolled on the floor, I looked at the place where I had just been.
There was Shiona, holding the bomb.
"Get down!"
At the same time that we both cried out, the scene before me was subsumed in a burst of light.
The bomb she was holding exploded in a powerful blast of light and noise.
Perhaps it was because the bomb wasn't intended for killing, but the explosion wasn't that big.
Even still, I was hit by the blast and the sound at point-blank range, and my head spun.
The human who had also been in range had lost consciousness.
My vision roiling and swaying, I screamed.
I couldn't focus because I had looked directly at the explosion.
I wanted her to be okay somehow. Somehow.
At the same time came a small voice.
Undoubtedly Shiona's.
"Shio... na..."
"Shiona, we need to get you treatment right away!"
The distance of a few steps felt so very long.
Staggering on uncertain legs, I stepped up to Shiona.
And that's where I saw it.
"What... is this...?"
I was at a loss for words when I saw Shiona.
Her severed arm was lying on the ground... and from the wrist up was... a metal... frame?
They weren't bones. Absolutely not. It was clearly different from a human skeleton.
And... Something was missing.
Something that should have been there, wasn't.
Even though it was strange, even impossible for it not to be there.
The proof of one's humanity.
"Wh... Wh... Why?"
"Please don't stare so much. It's embarrassing..."
I clenched my gloved, mechanical right hand.
Shiona had always been... the same as me...?
But if we were the same... I wanted us to be the same, but...
"Shiona, that's.... are you... okay?"
"Yeah, if that's all the damage."
That couldn't be.
There was no way.
She had been so close to the explosion.
There was no way she should be okay.
Surely she should be in agony, hurting so much she couldn't keep from crying.
And yet.
"Enough about me... Rei, your head."
Shiona's eyes opened wide, staring at my head.
Following her gaze, I brought my hand to my head.
How could this be?
Why did I have what Shiona needed?
I didn't need this.
I had no use for this; I wanted Shiona to have it.
Rather, she should have it.
Shiona touched her hand to my head as she spoke.
"You're bleeding! Are you alright?"
Blood was streaming from my head.
Red blood.
Blood only flowed in humans.
Not in Phiroids...
In contrast, there wasn't a single drop of blood from Shiona's arm.
Instead, I could see exposed mechanical parts.
This could only mean one thing.
It meant...
"Rei? There was a loud noise. Are you alright... Shiona?! Rei?!"
Tipi, who had come out from inside, let out a scream.
With an uneasy expression, her eyes welled up full of tears.
"We need to fix both of your injuries...!"
"It's alright... I'm alright..."
I held the panicked Tipi in my arms, softly wrapping her up.
An ever so slightly relieved look spread across her face in the center of my chest.
But that wasn't a stable thing.
Seeing her expression ready to crumble at any moment, the inside of my chest ached.
"Rei... we need to move, we can't stay here anymore..."
Tipi spoke in a trembling voice. Shiona nodded.
There was no doubt that other humans would come because of the sound of the blast.
There was a lot I wanted to ask.
There was a lot I wanted to make sure of, too.
But I swallowed those questions.
"Let's go, and leave the town."
Carrying as little baggage as we could, we left the church.
Then we used the back streets of the town, following Tipi's instructions, and set our sights on the abandoned factory when we escaped to the outside.
Even then I realized...
The only one whose pace slowed from exhaustion was me.
Led by Tipi, I kept walking with Shiona leading me by the hand.
When we arrived at the abandoned factory, I finally sat down on the ground.
I steadied my rough breathing beside Shiona, who was nonchalant.
"I'll go get some water."
The small girl disappeared inside the abandoned factory after giving Shiona a glance.
She was probably entrusting Shiona with explaining everything.
She responded to my voice with a slightly concerned smile.
Then, as she touched her own right arm... her exposed mechanical arm, she opened her mouth.
"You've probably already noticed, but I'm... well... Everyone who lives in this town is a Phiroid."
This was... something I had been trying to avoid seeing the entire time.
I had a hunch... strange feelings... but I had not wanted to admit it.
"And... I'm 'human'?"
When my head had gotten injured, a red fluid had leaked out of the injured spot.
It resembled the "blood" that ran through human bodies.
Phiroids were not equipped with this liquid, so it shouldn't have been there to be released.
"You had always misunderstood, because you have a mechanical arm... But that's a prosthetic for medical use, to compensate for limbs lost in accidents."
"That can't... then I'm actually..."
"That's right, you're human. A parent and partner to us Phiroids. That's you. All of the townspeople are Phiroids. You were the only human."
"I see..."
I looked at my gloved mechanical hand and clenched it weakly.
Everything was the opposite of what I had believed until now...
Shiona was a Phiroid... I was a human...
In short, I was a human, a being that I ought to hate.
I felt something inside my chest.
It was an agonizing feeling.
It was a feeling with no definite name.
I was the same as those humans.
The same as those beings I could only think of as cold-hearted, ruthless, and evil.
There was nothing I could do as my chest grew tight.
I felt angry at a fact I couldn't change.
What the man I had been fighting with had said was right.
I was a human, not a Phiroid.
And the human rulers were trying to do horrible things to the Phiroid townspeople they ruled... No, they were probably already doing horrible things.
Why did it have to be this way?
I had just wanted to live with Shiona and the townspeople.
I had just wanted to make everyone happy.
I couldn't do that.
I wasn't qualified to do that.
Because I was a human.
Because I was just another one of those ridiculous animals.
I felt a warmth in the fist I had balled up unconsciously.
When I lowered my gaze, Shiona's hand was resting on top of mine.
Her warmth was artificial,
but that didn't matter to me.
It was warm.
That was enough to lighten the emotions that burdened my heart.
But at the same time, it made my own inefficiency clear.
Was I even worthy of receiving her kindness?
"Do you want to know more? About you guys."
Shiona spoke to me with a smile.
"By 'you guys', do you mean humans?"
"Yes, humans. Do you want to know about our partners?"
If I could understand more, I wanted to.
So I nodded.
"I do. I want to know why we ended up like this."
"Do you remember Tipi's drawings in the library?"
"Yeah, I do."
"Tipi draws those pictures every day. Every single day, one picture a day, no matter what."
I closed my eyes, recalling the scene.
There were dozens, even hundreds of pictures drawn in crayon.
"How many do you think there are?"
"I don't know... Since Tipi's a Phiroid too, she must have been drawing them for years. There might be about a thousand."
"Eighty six thousand, six hundred seventy one."
Again, I was hit with a powerful dizziness. But it wasn't because of the explosion, nor the bleeding.
"That's two hundred and thirty seven years, five months and sixteen days' worth of drawings."
Had Tipi spent such a long time alone in that dark library?
There couldn't have been many people who went to that library.
That must have been a very lonely daily routine for her.
When I thought of the time Tipi had spent there, I felt scared, like that was enough to make the earth beneath my feet melt away.
Tipi had endured that.
With that small body of hers.
"A few decades before that, we Phiroids were born. The humans wanted us..."
Shiona recounted the history of the Phiroids as if she was reciting a song.
At first, Phiroids were androids advanced enough for practical use, with human emotions installed.
Basic emotional information was installed from the initial stage. Later, independent thought circuits were adopted for a system allowing new emotions to be learned.
With that in place, they were virtually indistinguishable from humans.
This allowed them to grow very close to the humans; not just in work, but in daily life as well.
Before long, businesses cropped up to install custom-made emotions and memories, and there was an unprecedented boom in Phiroid popularity.
It was the dawn of an age in which families unable to have children purchased Phiroid children, and people who lost love ones ordered Phiroids with their memories.
Almost overnight, the number of Phiroids multiplied, and they were produced in numbers that rivaled the human population after just ten-odd years.
What was most innovative of all was the existence of Phiroids equipped with "love," the most complex human emotion.
They had the ability to fill roles as lifelong partners.
It was possible to find someone to be loved by without undergoing the process of building affection, and that love was guaranteed semi-permanently.
The average age of marriage was increasing, and there were an increasing number of humans who prioritized work over love. Phiroids were received to great acclaim in such a society, and demand was high.
However, families resulting from marriages with Phiroids were unable to have children, exacerbating the low birth rate.
The lack of children being born produced a lack of marriage partners, and created a loop where marriages to Phiroids increased further still.
"And then, before we knew it, the humans had forgotten how to foster love."
Shiona smiled sadly.
"Human children ended up being born artificially, using science. But the humans who had lost love were unable to teach those children about love."
Love was the origin of all emotions.
Because of love, we feel happy when we interact with others.
Because of love, we know what we want to protect and feel anger when it is hurt.
Because of love, we feel sadness when we lose something important.
Because of love... we can feel the same emotions, share them, and know enjoyment.
However... That had been forgotten.
The humans who had come to the town must have been this type of "human."
The humans who had forgotten "emotion" along with love had even lost their capacity to empathize with others.
Humans no longer needed love, and found the existence of the emotional Phiroids distasteful.
When they thought over the efficiency of their actions, they found it all too wasteful.
Before long, humans looked upon Phiroids as mere machines.
Taking them to harsh environments... putting them to dangerous work... working them past their limits...
But there were humans who didn't approve of that.
The humans who still had the emotion of love protested. They said the Phiroids were our partners.
The world was divided in two.
Into humans with love, and humans without love.
Those without came to a conclusion.
The prior era's thinking was foolish, and needed to be exterminated.
They didn't even feel hesitation when they pressed the buttons on the weapons that razed the earth.
The rest came quickly.
Revenge demanded revenge, and it didn't even take five days to blanket the world in fire and ashes.
The polluted, poisoned earth, the black clouds blocking the sunlight, the ocean that couldn't support life...
They ushered in the end of human history with their own hands...
It was such a foolish choice.
"We Phiroids, born for the humans, took away something that was very important to humans."
"Not at all... We humans were entirely at fault."
"But there were many humans that survived. No matter how much the world falls apart, life keeps moving forward."
I couldn't find the words to respond to Shiona, who spoke to me in a gentle voice.
"Ahem. Ah, ah, ah."
Suddenly, Shiona started a vocal training exercise.
I was puzzled as she faced me head on and...
"Nice to meet you. I'm an Aso International MODA-117 Alice mk-17. Have you already registered as user? If you are already registered, please choose my unit name. This will be the first name given to me. Please choose carefully!"
...I hadn't expected that.
It was surprising enough as something I hadn't seen before, but I was truly shocked because it was the first time I'd seen such a boundlessly bright, innocent Shiona.
"Did I surprise you?"
Shiona asked, back to her usual self.
"That just now was the oldest memory I have."
"Your oldest memory?"
From just how long ago? I couldn't imagine at all.
"At the time, it was like every day was a festival... It was very lively."
She said, showing me a scrap of paper that seemed to be a newspaper clipping.
"World Famous Musician Passes Away"
The picture shown was the same as the one in the frame in Shiona's room.
The owner of the face that resembled mine.
"This is... your brother?"
"Yes. It's a story from a long while ago. You see, I was the newest model of the Phiroids that were being produced. Maybe the fifth generation."
How did Shiona feel about saying she was "produced?"
Phiroids had the same emotions as humans.
In other words, they were the same as humans.
Could they really be that easily separated?
"My generation was the first model equipped with the concept of 'death', in order to be indistinguishable from humans. But the models before me are not equipped with it... like Madd and Tipi. Neither of them can understand 'death'. Explaining is futile. There will never be a day when they can understand it."
They were waiting forever, unaware of death.
There was hope in that, but it was a hope that would never be rewarded.
A despair called hope.
It was thrust on them, unconditionally.
Faced by something like that, surely it would be kinder to be taught despair from the start.
It seemed to me that despair would be less cruel.
"Tipi is an older model. I'm pretty sure that she's a second generation Phiroid. We couldn't get energy from food until after the second generation. So they operate on batteries. But there's a limit on how long batteries can power a Phiroid. She carries that stuffed bear as an auxiliary battery."
Looking back on it, Tipi always had that stuffed bear in hand when she was going somewhere.
I hadn't noticed at all that it was a battery.
But there was something I understood because of that.
Why Tipi was always in the library.
The only power system in the town was in the library.
Tipi had to stay there in order to continue working.
"Tipi's parents died quite a while ago as well. Probably more than 200 years ago. But Tipi waits for them, with no concept of death. Forever and ever, alone."
What a cruel story.
I didn't know the lifespan of a Phiroid, but Tipi had lived like that for centuries.
Every single day, while tears ran down her face.
For a future that wouldn't come... A slave to a hope that would never come true.
All by herself in the library.
It felt like there was lead inside my chest.
It was agonizingly painful.
But the more I thought of it, the deeper it sunk into me.
"But knowing is painful, too."
And then there was Shiona, aware of death. In short, she couldn't even hold the hope that maybe she could see him once again.
"Rei, you saw Madd collapse at the general store."
"Yeah. It was odd. He didn't have any external wounds at all; it was like his soul had just left him..."
Then I understood. Madd was already broken then.
"But we have to live like this. Until the day of what we consider death... The day we break. For us Phiroids who don't even get ill, it's almost an eternity. So we try to be human. Wouldn't it just be too sad if we didn't? We take over the jobs our partners did, step in to do the jobs of those who are gone... We keep the world running, like the humans did. So that the world the humans ran never stops."
Madd ran the general store.
There were many shops throughout the town: photo studios, bars.
Those too were all the work of Phiroids.
The Phiroids labored, trying to protect the world of the humans.
The last hope of the remaining Phiroids.
"We spend every day so that when the humans come back one day, we can tell them of those fun times and restore them."
Shiona smiled.
It was a sentiment that didn't suit our current situation in the least.
Shiona was protecting herself with that smile.
It seemed sad to me.
"But we Phiroids have faults too. Like when something unbearably painful happens, and only a specific kind of emotion comes to the forefront. I'm like this, Madd is always angry, and Tipi is always sad."
She continued.
"But that's our last stand. If even that emotion was to vanish, we'd break... We'd die."
"So when you got shot, Madd..."
"Right. He didn't go on a trip. When you finished showing him that movie, he bro... No, he was unable to function."
"So the one who closed the shop... That was you?"
"Yeah. Since the townspeople thought you might suspect something, otherwise. In reality you did, didn't you?"
"Well, yeah, but..."
If the shop there had stayed open, I definitely would've gone in and found Madd motionless.
If the humans hadn't come, I'm sure I would never have noticed.
In the end, I definitely hadn't just seen things wrong.
I hadn't wanted to believe it, but it was the truth.
"My brother once said something to me, 'Emotions are a piece of the puzzle of life'. The piece known as emotion connects lives. If we're missing emotions, the entire structure falls apart. It's true of both humans and Phiroids. Madd broke because his anger towards his son vanished."
If that was true, then I was the one who killed Madd.
I'd self-indulgently gone and found playback equipment, and self-indulgently showed Madd his son's film.
If I had just not done that, Madd wouldn't have broken and he'd still be operating.
Perhaps sensing my feelings, Shiona moved to my left side and placed a hand on mine.
"It's okay, it's not your fault. We're destined to end up like that sooner or later. It's the same as how humans can't escape death. I'm sure Madd was happy. In the end he was able to know his son's true feelings."
"Maybe. But..."
My miserable thoughts worsened.
If I had known at the time... I would have stopped it, even by force.
"You're kind, Rei."
"It's not like that..."
She stood beside me.
I couldn't see Shiona's expression.
Anxiety pounded my chest from the inside.
"But I hoped, even though I knew. I hoped that someday I'd be able to see that smile again."
Shiona smiled sadly as she dropped her gaze to the photo of her brother.
"So when I first met you, I was incredibly happy. I thought it must be a dream. I thought my brother was alive."
It was painful whether you knew of it or not.
To Phiroids, unable to die, there was a sadness greater than that of humans in death.
They were made to be useful to humans, forced into families, and then left behind with only the pain of death.
Selfish, the lowest of the low.
That's what we humans were.
"Tipi feels the loneliness of having lost her family. So if you behave like family would, she'll 'die'. Even so, it wasn't that I didn't want anyone to tell you. It's that we Phiroids have a rule that we mustn't take actions that would reveal that we are Phiroids, because that would crush the humans' dreams. But I overdid it. I'm sorry."
Shiona lowered her head, and a sweet smell wafted lightly through the air.
Obviously, what Shiona had done seemed unacceptable.
But when I considered it with her feelings in mind, it was clear the measures she'd taken were the most appropriate.
"There was nothing else you could do. You were just following the rules. You didn't do anything wrong."
Forgiving someone and being forgiven.
Apologizing and being apologized to.
Crying, being angry, laughing.
That was human.
She and the other Phiroids knew that better than anyone.
"Thanks for talking with me, Shiona. And being so kind to me, a human..."
I felt guilty as a human.
Treating these ever-so-devoted Phiroids in such a way, as if we were punishing their good deeds.
Even as we were speaking, the humans might have been "disposing" of the Phiroids in town.
And the Phiroids likely couldn't do anything to resist them.
When I thought about that, I couldn't hide the pain inside my chest.
Shiona kindly extended her arms and embraced me.
I was enfolded in warmth.
"It's natural. Humans and Phiroids always were and are still partners. That's how it'll be forever more."
I felt as if that was the key to the emotion I hadn't understood to the end.
It was warm, vast, deep, strong, gentle, soft, big, and precious.
The humans had lost something critical.
But the Phiroids remembered what we'd forgotten, for us.
For years, decades, centuries...
Braving through isolation, they continued to protect us.
I felt like I had to carry on that legacy, and protect them in the same way.
It wasn't an obligation or a directive.
It was what I wanted.
"I'm back! There was clean water."
As I was sharing body heat with Shiona, Tipi called out to us from behind.
Somehow embarrassed, I promptly distanced myself from Shiona.
The air stole away the warmth that touched my skin,
but immediately a new warmth filled that gap.
When I looked, Tipi had stepped in between Shiona and me.
"I want a hug too."
Shiona and I exchanged glances.
Shiona seemed to be leaving the decision to me.
Tipi had lived in isolation for over two hundred years.
If things stayed like this, she could continue to live for nearly an eternity, never breaking.
But was that happiness?
Was there value in an empty life?
I embraced Shiona.
Along with Tipi, as she stood between us.
Shiona held me back in the same way.
Tipi held us both, whispering softly.
"It's warm..."
A warmth she'd not felt for two hundred years.
She had waited more than two hundred years for such a trivial thing.
What a sad time...
If I could have given her two hundred years of warmth, I definitely would have.
I felt like if I did, then I could say the time she had waited hadn't been wasted.
"What next, Rei?"
Shiona asked me, still holding Tipi from behind.
"If I can... I want to help all the townspeople, but... I think right now that's impossible."
It was an inexcusable thing to do to the townspeople, but I didn't have the strength to do otherwise.
First, I wanted to ensure Shiona and Tipi's safety.
"It's a bit far, but let's go to the factory I woke up in."
No, that couldn't have been a factory.
It was a facility to sleep in until the polluted lands of the war-torn, uninhabitable earth improved even a little.
I... had been a bit late waking up.
"There was still electricity there. Shiona and I can get nutrients from oral intake so we'll manage if we have the food we brought from town. But Tipi needs to be charged."
What I had just said must have been enough for her to figure things out. She raised her voice.
"Does Rei know about the Phiroids?"
"Yes, he does. I'm sorry."
"It's okay. I was thinking we'd have to tell him soon."
She continued with a somewhat sorrowful, slightly stiff expression.
"I need to do what I can... Right away."
Shiona questioned her, perhaps caught up on something about what she'd said.
But it must not have been something Tipi was especially concerned about. She didn't say anything further.
"We'll survive together."
I was speaking aimlessly.
There were no guarantees.
Even so, I couldn't do anything but continue with what I was saying.
"We three will make it forever and ever."
That was only an ideal.
I knew the world wasn't so generous that you could live on an ideal.
Of course, Shiona did too.
And yet she didn't show any doubt.
Uneasiness and dissatisfaction.
All such words were locked away.
Surely her mind was filled with those feelings.
In truth, the same feelings were trampling my spirit.
And yet I needed them.
Hopeful words.
Shiona nodded, and held Tipi and I tighter still.
That embrace gave me hope, and courage.
And so we started on our journey to the facility.
"So this is what it's like outside of town..."
Looking out at the wilderness, Tipi clutched her teddy bear to her chest.
"Is it different from the scenery you're used to, Tipi?"
"Yes. When I saw it before, there were streets, and woods, and... and..."
The scenery that Tipi described sounded like the festival days Shiona had talked about, but on a grander scale.
Humans at that time could control not only their town, but also the natural world around them, Phiroids, and even the weather.
"Which means... By the time I started functioning, humans had already started to go into decline..."
Shiona looked a little lonely. Our clothes fluttered around us in the sandy wind.
With a small store of food and an extra battery for Tipi, we set off into the wasteland in order to survive.
To escape from humans.
And most importantly, to live.
We would struggle, and struggle some more, and survive.
We would squirm, writhe, whatever it took to keep on living.
Just living was enough.
There was value in just being alive.
I believed that, from the bottom of my heart.
I started walking from memory, judging the direction by the sun's position, which I could just make out through the dark clouds.
When the sun set and the temperature dropped, the three of us huddled together and slept.
Sometimes we sang, or cheered each other on, or joked around...
Our journey continued, and it wasn't all hardship.
By the time we crossed the rusty plains and reached our destination, three full days had passed, and the sun was just beginning to set.
"The building's half buried in sand... So it won't be discovered. To think that a facility like this was still around..."
When we went inside, a faint light came on, and we heard an air conditioner running somewhere.
The room hadn't changed a bit since I woke up there. I tidied up the Phiroid parts first of all, so that they wouldn't make Shiona and Tipi uncomfortable.
These Phiroids must have protected us humans during our cold sleep.
"Yay, I can sit down!"
Tipi ran forward to sit on the couch.
The moment she sat down, her whole body slumped as the energy left her.
It seemed we'd been pushing her pretty hard.
"...It's kinda cold here."
"Well, it was originally a facility for cold sleep."
Even though we were inside, it was actually a little colder than outside.
Since the air conditioning was working, I hoped that meant that there was also a heating system that still worked.
But I didn't know where that would be.
"I hope there's a heater or something..."
"We can just do this. Rei, sit down next to Tipi."
"Huh? Like this, then?"
"Even closer!"
"H-How's this?"
Now that I was practically pressed up against Tipi, Shiona looked satisfied.
"Yeah, that'll do!"
Then she sat down on the other side of Tipi.
She was pressed up just as close to Tipi as I was.
"See, this feels warm, doesn't it?"
"Y-Yeah... It does."
It definitely was warm. Warm, but...
"How is it? Tipi, are you still cold?"
"Mmm...I'm warm."
Tipi half-closed her eyes in a smile and snuggled closer to my arm.
"You are? Good, I'm glad."
"Yeah, I'm warm... This is so warm, Rei. It's just like..."
"Just like what?"
"When we're like this, it's just like we're a family."
"My mama and papa used to hug me like this."
"I see... They did, huh?"
"Yes. And I would feel warm like this, too."
"You're right, it really is warm."
"...Hey, can you hug me again? Hug me really tight?"
I almost hugged her without thinking, but Shiona's sad expression stopped me.
"Tipi, we can't do that."
"Why? You won't give me a hug?"
"No, we won't. Because we're not your family, Tipi."
"You're not my family... So I'm all alone?"
"That's right. No matter how much time we spend together, you're still all alone. We can't change that."
Based on her words alone, Shiona almost seemed to hate Tipi.
But I finally understood.
Those words were full of kindness.
Tipi had only one emotion left:
Fulfilling Tipi's heartfelt desire would release her from that sadness...
And Tipi would cease to function.
Basically, she would have died.
Up until now, I had hugged Tipi without even thinking.
But that was a cruel kindness.
Or maybe it wasn't even kindness at all.
It was just for my own satisfaction, bringing Tipi closer to her death.
Shiona had resisted all this time.
She had protected Tipi's feelings of sadness... to protect Tipi herself.
I'm sure she really wanted to hug her.
She probably wanted to pat her on the head and speak kindly to her.
She wanted to smile at her until her heart turned orange.
But she resisted, never reaching out to this blue child.
So I realized I had to resist as well.
But even as I thought that... I couldn't stop myself.
I simply couldn't leave that sad girl in front of me alone.
I hugged Tipi close to me, and Shiona as well.
I felt heat behind my eyes.
I asked myself why I was doing this, even when I knew it would only shorten Tipi's life.
Was I just satisfying my own personal whim?
I really was a human after all...
A selfish human, acting only in my own interests and hurting others.
I held the two of them so tightly it hurt.
I pulled their warmth toward me.
We pulled in each others' warmth to fill a 200-year-long gap.
The warmth of our three bodies left no room for the cold of the facility.
We were that warm.
A melody started to slip from Shiona's lips.
The song her brother wrote.
A melody that would bring warmth to our hearts.
Her gentle singing voice echoed throughout the facility.
"I love it when Shiona sings this song."
Tipi buried her face in my chest.
"It reminds me of when Mama and Papa were here... And I dunno why, but I can't stop crying."
Tipi felt the same sadness all over again.
She had been feeling it for 200 years.
Perhaps there was no way I could wipe away 200 years of sadness.
But I was able to give her that one moment of warmth.
I put 200 years' worth of emotion in hugging them during that fleeting moment of warmth.
But that pleasant moment didn't last long.
"Huh... Tipi?"
I looked at Tipi where she sat on the sofa.
She was staring straight ahead into space.
"Hmm? Umm..."
She didn't answer directly.
But she didn't seem well.
Maybe it was relief from the earlier tension, or maybe she had walked too long.
Either way, it looked like she needed a rest.
"It looks like you're tired. Let's rest for today."
Tipi answered after a short pause. It seemed like she was thinking about something.
Then Shiona whispered to me so that Tipi couldn't hear.
"Rei, Tipi might be running out of energy. It could be making it hard for her to concentrate."
"I see... Then we'll have to charge her up. But wait, how do we do that?"
"It's a wireless charging system. The chargers here should be compatible, so first let's find a connector and charge up the teddy bear."
"Got it. If I find something that looks likely, let me know if it's the right thing."
"No problem."
We left Tipi on the sofa, and started checking all the devices in the facility.
There was cold sleep equipment everywhere. We looked for one that was still cold.
Then we opened the maintenance panel on its base, and looked for the power cord.
Soon, we found a connector attached to a thick cord that looked like a power cable.
"Yeah, this type will do. Tipi, hand me your bear."
Shiona took the bear from Tipi, opened the zipper on its back, and guided it towards the socket.
When she plugged in the charger cable, the bear's eyes flashed twice.
It must have been a sign that the charging had stated. Shiona gave a sigh of relief.
Tipi squeezed the bear's hand. Just that must have provided her with some electricity, as the light in her eyes seemed to grow stronger.
"Shiona, we should eat too."
I showed her the oral nutrient blocks I'd found while we were searching for the cable.
They were the same as the ones I'd found when I left the facility before.
"They don't taste anywhere near as good as your soup, Shiona, but I think they're nutritious, at least."
"Thanks. I was just getting hungry, so I appreciate it. Just knowing that I can eat now makes me all energized."
I laid out a set of travel dishes, and put the oral nutrient blocks on the plates.
I figured that would make it seem a bit more like a proper meal.
At a time like this, I wanted to make even the smallest details feel as close to normal life as possible.
I wanted things to be as close as possible to what they had been in town - in Shiona's home.
"That looks delicious."
Shiona must have noticed how I felt, and she smiled.
We clasped our hands in thanks before eating.
Tipi noticed, and came over to us.
She put her bear down in front of her and clasped her hands in the same way.
"All together."
"Haha, you had an impressive meal, Tipi. A really extravagant one!"
My laugh was contagious, and Shiona started laughing too.
Tipi smiled bashfully.
In the midst of such difficult times, it felt good to relax like this.
I'm sure that long ago, we humans lived together with Phiroids as partners like this.
We should be able to live like that even now.
Just as they had taught me after I forgot how to feel... we should be able to recover that time we'd forgotten.
That's what I was thinking as I put the last of the oral nutrient block from my plate in my mouth.
Just then...
"Warning. Main battery dead sectors exceed 90%.Please replace battery as soon as possible."
Tipi suddenly spoke out in a business-like tone.
"Requesting replacement from Service Center -- Service Center is offline. Reconnecting. Service Center is offline. Reconnecting. Service Center is offline. Reconnecting..."
"Shiona, what's going on?"
"I'm not sure exactly, but it looks like Tipi's battery can't be recharged now."
"Can't be recharged...?"
Was the voltage wrong? But that shouldn't have been a problem, since it was going through the teddy bear.
So was there a problem with the battery itself?
If that was the case... maybe it had just degraded over time. When I thought about it, that battery had been in continuous use for 200 years.
It would be no wonder if it were all worn out.
"We might need a new battery..."
"A new battery... In Tipi's time, batteries couldn't be replaced without an expert to disassemble her first!"
"That can't be..."
I felt a bead of sweat roll down my back.
Did this that mean Tipi was going to stop functioning? That she was going to die?
"No. We've come so far!"
"It's alright... I already knew."
Tipi's voice had returned to its usual tone, but the two of us could only stare at her in shock.
"Tipi, you knew this might happen?"
"Yeah... Ever since we left the library, I thought this would happen. I noticed 6,427 days ago that my battery was charging less efficiently."
Tipi smiled weakly.
"But I need to do what I can... Rei, will you bring me the metal briefcase I was carrying?"
Tipi had been carrying a slim but oddly rugged metal briefcase since we left the library. It was heavier than I expected when I picked it up, and I put it in front of Tipi.
Tipi casually placed her hand on the middle of the briefcase. In response, two locks on the side with the handle came unlocked.
Tipi watched the locks open, and then slowly opened the briefcase.
Inside was a single black panel. It was about the size of a large book. But it was much thinner, only half the thickness of a short picture book.
Tipi took it out carefully with both hands, and slowly turned it to face me.
"Rei. Put the palm of your hand here. Not the metal one."
I did as Tipi said, and put my non-mechanical hand on the pitch-black panel. And then...
"Biometrics confirmed. Warning. Registration applicant is human, not Phiroid. Registration is possible, but not recommended based on lifespan. Continue?"
A smooth male voice played out of the black panel.
"Current administrator, Voltex MSK-3737 Model Name 'Dorothy' Unit Name 'Tipi', approves operation. Continue registration."
"Confirmed. Registration applicant, please give unit name."
"Uhh... Rei."
"Confirmed. 'Rei' registered as new administrator. User instructions will be given verbally by former administrator. Operation complete."
After that, the black panel fell silent.
"Tipi, what was all that?"
"It's a digital version of all the books in the library. Back-up data of all of my memory."
Tipi answered in a tone that sounded both tired and somehow satisfied.
I thought back on all the hand-written books in the library.
Tipi remembered each of them word for word, without any mistakes.
Maybe Tipi had written them herself after all.
Just in case she stopped functioning... Or maybe she knew she'd stop someday, and wanted to preserve records of the past.
That place wasn't a library. Tipi herself was the library.
"When you use it, put your hand on the center like you just did. When you do, the tablet... the panel will light up. Then when it recognizes your voice, you can access all the data."
"In that case..."
I did as Tipi said to boot up the panel she called a "tablet." I placed the palm of my hand on its center.
"Biometrics confirmed, administrator Rei recognized. What data do you wish to load?"
"A manual! How to fix a Phiroid... Um, how to change a battery!"
"Beginning search... Search results for Phiroid repair include 124,751 hits in 3,195 items. Recommend narrowing search."
"Among those, find Voltex MSK-3737 Model 'Dorothy'."
"Beginning search... Results found."
The tablet's screen lit up brightly. Then words started to form on it.
"It is nearly impossible for a user to fix this unit. Please keep it safe until a staff member from the Service Center arrives."
My vision started to go dark.
"So, is it working well?"
"Yes, it's working... but..."
"That tablet... will only work... for about 50 more... years..."
That was plenty of time for me, but for a Phiroid or a library system it must not have seemed long.
"Are you sure it's okay for me to use it?"
"I want you to use it. Because... Soon, I won't be useful anymore..."
"Don't say that! You've helped me constantly up until now!"
When I fixed Shiona's music box, and when we fixed Madd's projector. I was able to do what I did because Tipi remembered everything in the library, and showed it to me.
"I'm glad you think so, Rei... Please use that from now on..."
From her sitting position on the couch, Tipi slowly moved to lie down.
We called out desperately to her, and Tipi's nearly-closed eyes slowly opened up again.
That's right, Tipi.
You've waited 200 years.
It can't all end yet.
Tipi's little mouth opened and closed.
It seemed as though she was trying to say something, but her voice was so quiet I couldn't hear.
I brought my ear close to her mouth.
"Hey, Rei... I had fun."
I put my hand on Tipi's.
Such a small, soft hand.
"You were like my father, Rei, and Shiona was like my mother... You were my kind, wonderful family."
No matter how cold we acted, or how much we pushed her away, we couldn't hide our true feelings.
And Tipi had noticed.
She knew how much we cared about her.
From the moment we met her, this was bound to happen.
There was nothing we could have done about it.
The only way for Tipi to survive was to live alone forever.
But of course that wasn't possible.
Tipi had feelings.
We weren't perfect enough to ignore sadness.
Maybe that wouldn't have been perfection anyway.
Being able to feel sadness was one of the reasons we were able to feel at all.
Like a handkerchief sinking bit by bit into water, Tipi's eyes closed.
I couldn't stop them.
Even though we had created Phiroids, we couldn't save them.
We just created them, and couldn't do anything more.
Humans were selfish to their cores.
"Hey, Shiona..."
Tipi's eyes fluttered slowly open again. But the light had already left them. She probably couldn't see anything, by that point.
"I'm here... I'm here, Tipi..."
Shiona's voice was shaking a little.
"I'm glad... Shiona."
"Thank you for everything. You worked hard to keep me from breaking, right?"
Shiona drew in her breath, as though preparing to scream with anguish.
"I think you've realized already, but it's been over 200 years since I started up... But I was only built to last 150 years. So you and Rei didn't do anything wrong. This would have happened anyway..."
When Tipi left the library and came to the church, Shiona apologized to Tipi, and Tipi forgave her.
So this was what that meant...
"So please. Shiona, don't cry... Please... Please sing..."
"Yes.... Okay!"
"I... love your song... Shiona."
Shiona started to sing. Sometimes she would let out a hiccup, interrupting the rhythm. But she kept singing. That melody...
"Thank... you..."
Tipi smiled... and then stopped moving.
My hands were shaking.
And not just my hands.
My whole body was shaking.
Just then, on my lap, a little life had ended.
Maybe some people would say Tipi's wasn't really a life.
But to me, it was a truly irreplaceable life.
Shiona continued to sing quietly.
The rhythm didn't falter after that. It sounded just like always, except that now the song rang out more clearly than ever.
This song was for Tipi.
Something hot ran down my cheek.
It ran down my chin, and fell onto Tipi's cheek.
Tipi wasn't crying, but it looked as though she was.
I held Tipi close.
Her small body would never move again.
Her little mouth would never speak again.
Her hands wouldn't draw anymore.
That was what "death" meant.
I felt a warmth spread through my head.
Shiona held me.
And my eyes grew hot.
These were my overflowing feelings. Unbearable pain and loneliness... This was extreme sadness.
For the second time in my life, I shed "tears."
Tears for Tipi.
After that, our lives changed dramatically.
I now had the electronic device that Tipi had given me, full of all the information in the library.
Thanks to this thing once called a "tablet," my knowledge quickly increased.
I learned how to grow crops, how to make houses from just stone and mud, how to predict the weather, and what many animals and plants that we could no longer see looked like.
And there was a database of 350 years' worth of newspapers, up until the time the library stopped working.
I was sure that if I searched, I could even find something about myself.
"Are you studying again today, Rei?"
"Yeah. There's so much I have to learn."
"What sort of book are you reading today?"
"A book about survival; how to survive in any environment."
The cold sleep facility didn't have that much electricity. But since there was a little, we had to learn how to make what there last.
We'd already addressed the facility's greatest weakness, a lack of drinking water, by collecting dew in the mornings and evenings.
We couldn't just get by on effort and brute strength anymore.
We needed knowledge. With knowledge, even a single person could stand up to a large group of people, or find a way not to face them at all... Or in other words, win.
It might even have been possible to save the townspeople.
I was insatiable, trying to absorb all the "power" that Tipi left me.
While I read, Shiona sang to the unmoving Tipi.
Among the things we'd brought from the town was Shiona's brother's music box.
Sometimes, instead of singing, Shiona would turn the handle to play the gentle melody.
It was a peaceful and comforting time.
With my newfound knowledge, I could probably live here with Shiona forever.
But... I didn't notice.
That there was something changing in Shiona...
"Rei, the food's ready."
Shiona had prepared our food with a smile, as always.
She had dissolved the oral nutrient blocks in water, making them more like soup.
It looked a lot like the orange powapowa soup that Shiona always made me back in town.
"Thanks, this soup always cheers me up."
"And it cheers me up to hear you say that. It makes my heart orange."
"But you don't have much soup, Shiona."
She had less than half as much soup as I did.
"I'm a Phiroid, so when I'm in power saving mode, I only need about this much."
"Yeah. So eat up, Rei. You can't be your best if you're hungry."
Ahh... Why didn't I notice?
Why didn't I doubt her words?
Even then... Her Phiroid functions were already in decline.
With half as much energy as me, she could only function so much.
I was reading as usual, and Shiona was singing.
I ran my fingers over the tablet, trying to think of a way to free the townspeople.
Then, the pleasant rhythm of the song suddenly stopped.
I looked up, wondering what happened, and Shiona was still, her hand pressed over her mouth.
The music box in her hand had stopped.
"Shiona...? What's wrong?"
"Umm... No, it's nothing. I just couldn't..."
She spoke for a moment, and then took a deep breath.
Then she started singing again, but...
"...Wait, huh? Am I off-pitch...?"
"Shio... na...?"
"Haha... That's so strange! I love this song so much! Just a second, it'll come back to me..."
Shiona closed her eyes, and tried over and over again to pick up where she had stopped singing.
But the melody that came out was completely different from the one I knew.
"I wonder why... I can't remember my brother's song at all..."
"Shiona!? Does anything feel wrong!?"
I was a fool. I had only been thinking of myself.
Shiona was so kind to me, and cared so much for me, I was satisfied with that and let her spoil me... I didn't think of her at all.
Even though when we left the village, she'd been hit by an explosion that blew off her arm's artificial skin.
"Shiona! Were you actually badly injured in that explosion!?"
Shiona thought for a moment, then shook her head.
"No, that wasn't a problem."
Shiona... No, Phiroids didn't lie.
But sometimes they hid things for the sake of humans.
If she said it wasn't a problem, then she must not have been damaged in the explosion.
Just as she said: not by "that."
"...Shiona. Show me what's not working properly."
At my urging, Shiona hesitated just for a moment, then nodded.
Shiona started undoing the buttons on her blouse.
Embarrassed by her sudden movement, I tried to look away, but then I saw something I couldn't help but stare at.
On Shiona's pale chest...
There was a small hole.
Forgetting that this was a woman's body, I moved closer to the wound.
It was clearly externally inflicted. The man-made skin around it was slightly scorched.
It was a gunshot wound.
I remembered the time at Madd's shop, when she protected me from the humans.
"It... hit you..."
"I thought I'd be fine, but apparently I was wrong."
Like a little kid who'd just been caught playing a prank, Shiona stuck out her tongue a bit and smiled.
I could tell she was smiling to protect my feelings.
Even then, she was thinking of me.
"Ngh... Search! MODA-117 Alice mk-17 Maintenance Manual!"
The tablet lit up in response to my voice.
But Shiona covered the screen with her hand. Then she slowly shook her head.
She still hadn't stopped smiling.
"It's my body. I know it better than anyone."
"But... there might be a way! If you'd told me sooner..."
But no, there was a reason she hadn't said anything.
Shiona knew that she had suffered a fatal wound that couldn't be fixed.
It was a reality that no struggling of mine could fix.
She wouldn't have wanted to put that into words.
I could see the word "death" in my mind.
I didn't want to think about it, but I couldn't stop.
"I can tell. I'm going to die soon. Or, since I'm a Phiroid, should I say 'break' instead?"
No, Shiona.
You're not going to break.
You're going to die.
"Haha, guess I wasn't concentrating hard enough. I feel weak all of a sudden..."
Just as I noticed her shoulders slump, Shiona started falling to the floor.
I rushed to catch her, and held her in the most comfortable position I could.
Shiona's body had once been so warm, but now it was cold.
How long had she been like this?
Why didn't I notice...?
"If I break... will I not be me anymore? But maybe you could fix me?"
"You're okay... You're you, Shiona..."
"Hahaha... Um, right now... I'm a little bit scared..."
"Shiona... Shiona... Ngh..."
"Don't cry, Rei. Tipi would laugh at you."
Shiona reached out to touch my cheek.
The tears she wiped away with her fingers were only the third I had shed.
"I don't want you to turn blue, Rei...I want you to stay orange and powapowa forever..."
I was so sad.
An unbelievable sadness was welling up inside me.
It grew so huge inside my heart, I couldn't hold it all.
With each moment, it grew darker.
Why was I sad?
The answer was simple.
Because she was important.
She was important to me.
Even if another Phiroid that looked exactly like her appeared in front of me, there would be no point.
It wouldn't have to look like her.
As long as it was her inside, that would be enough.
"Rei... I thought of you as my family. It was partly because you looked like my brother, but that wasn't all. It's because you were important to me."
Those are people you help out no matter what, even when there's nothing in it for you.
But there was a real feeling there too.
That was "love."
The feeling I had once longed for.
At some point, I noticed that feeling.
I'd had it... I'd had it all along.
Just by living, and going through life with someone, it was the most natural feeling in the world.
"What is it, Rei? Don't look so sad... Come on, let's sing. We'll go to the plaza again... Everyone will be so happy."
"We promised everyone, remember? You made everyone smile, Rei. You made them all happy."
Shiona's eyes were looking somewhere far away.
Back to memories of when she was happy. Memories of the fun days we spent in town.
Perhaps her memory was deteriorating.
But still...
"...Yes, let's sing. Everyone's looking forward to it."
I cranked the handle on the music box on the floor.
The melody started playing quietly.
Shiona smiled, closed her eyes, and started to sing.
I closed my eyes too, listening to the melody and thinking back.
Back to the short time I'd spent in that town.
The people walking down the streets had stopped, and looked our way.
One by one, they gathered in the plaza.
A child, an old man, someone's mother, someone's husband, all the townspeople had started to smile.
They were all enraptured by Shiona's song.
I'm sure that long ago, a scene like that was nothing out of the ordinary.
Humans and Phiroids smiled together, side by side.
We had just forgotten... We had lost what once was ordinary...
"Hey, Rei... Always, always, keep smiling."
"You can be sad, and you can be angry...But after that... After that, smile."
"You know... If love had a shape, I'm sure it would be round. After all, love could never hurt anyone."
"Yeah, you're right."
I held back my tears and smiled.
"And... If love had a temperature, I'm sure it would be warm. Because love wraps us up and warms our hearts."
"Yeah... I'm sure you're right."
"Because we have love, Rei, you can't be sad. Because love protects. It won't hurt you, Rei. I promise. No matter what happens after this, our love will protect you, Rei."
I had cried so many tears my eyes hurt.
My vision blurred.
But Shiona's smile was the one thing I could still see clearly.
"So don't cry. Love is always by your side. Love lasts forever. You don't have to cry. Because it's eternal."
I put my hand over Shiona's on my cheek.
It was warm, but had almost no strength left in it.
It was as though something was spilling out of her hands.
I knew what was spilling out.
But I didn't want to admit it.
I held her hand tightly, begging it not to spill away completely.
I could hear a song.
The warm melody that Shiona was always humming.
It slipped into my heart, which was starting to cloud over, and filled it with warmth.
"I'm sorry to leave you all on your own again."
"...! No. You're not doing that!"
I wanted to tear my hair out.
I finally realized.
I wasn't afraid of Shiona breaking. I was afraid of being alone again.
"You... you gave me so, so much, Shiona... Ngh...!"
I took Shiona's mechanical hand with my human one.
"Shiona, you taught me how to feel. I wasn't a human or a Phiroid, but you made me into a real human..."
It was true. Until I met Shiona, I wasn't really a human or a Phiroid.
But Shiona stayed by my side, and I was able to become human.
"You'll always be here inside me, Shiona. I'm not alone anymore. Happiness, sadness, anger... I got it all from you. I'll never forget."
Ah... It was no use. I should have been smiling.
Although I should have been doing my best to give Shiona peace of mind, my feelings were not going to allow that...
No matter how hard I tried, the torrent of sadness inside me began to overflow, as tears.
"So Shiona, don't look so sad. I'll be fine. I swear I'll be fine."
"I see... I'm glad."
Shiona nodded, looking satisfied.
Shiona narrowed her eyes, seemingly confused. Clear droplets began to fall from her eyes, as though they were being squeezed out.
"Oh no... I'm not feeling blue, but I'm crying... I really am broken..."
"No, that's not it..."
I spoke in a trembling voice, smiling to comfort Shiona as I spoke.
Now that I was human, I knew the meaning of those tears.
Shiona seemed to realize too, and smiled back at me.
"We cry... when we're happy too, I guess."
The strength slowly left Shiona's body.
Was I smiling? Was I managing it?
Was I managing to keep up a smile, to keep Shiona at ease?
"See... you..."
"...Yeah, see you."
Shiona closed her eyes.
And for just the slightest instant...
For just that tiny moment her face was the most beautiful I had ever seen.
Shiona's eyes never opened again.
Her tranquil expression looked as though she was smiling.
Almost like she was wishing me happiness.
But there could be no happiness in a world without Shiona.
My life from then on could have been nothing but pure hell.
Could I even stand it?
...No, I had to stand it somehow.
My chest felt so tight it hurt.
All of my emotions coursed through me, in conflict with each other.
My heart was so fragile and weak.
And losing someone special hurt so, so much.
"Uwah... Aaaah...!!"
My vision went blank, and I screamed enough to shatter the world around me.
Shiona had told me...
Love lasts forever.
Shiona's love may indeed have been eternal.
But I couldn't bear it.
I understood, this was what feelings were.
These feelings Shiona gave me.
This pain and loneliness as well.
But they weren't all.
It was only a little, but there was warmth left in my heart too. And I could say with confidence that the days we spent together had been fun.
Shiona had given me all of that.
And all of that was mine.
I couldn't let go of any of it.
How much time passed?
How much time could a human need to calm and collect his feelings?
I thought back again and again to when I first met Shiona.
About the meals we ate together.
Waking up and greeting each other in the morning.
Shopping together.
The time I went to the abandoned factory and worried her.
How happy she was when I fixed her music box.
Singing in the plaza, surrounded by smiles.
We promised...
I learned warmth.
I learned happiness.
I even felt anger.
I cried from sadness.
And... I found love.
No... It was all love.
This tragedy was brought about by foolish humans who had lost their ability to love.
Humans were so unbelievably self-centered.
They did the same things over and over again...
But they still needed someone.
That must have been instinct. When I woke up here, I wanted to meet a human.
It was my instinct to wish for someone to share my time with; to wish for love.
And I couldn't even recognize something so simple...
I looked at the cold sleep equipment in front of me.
I found some that were still functioning properly, and put Shiona and Tipi in them.
The equipment was made for humans, but it should have been able to keep them from degrading as quickly.
I wanted to keep them as they were, for as long as I could.
They looked almost as though they were sleeping when I stood before them and whispered.
"Shiona, Tipi... I'm leaving now."
There was no reply.
Of course there wasn't.
But I went on.
"I'm going on a journey. Don't worry. I do have a goal. I'm going to look for a world where humans and Phiroids can live together."
That was also what that young human man had wanted, before he was killed.
In a world where humans and Phiroids could live together, this sadness wouldn't happen.
Nothing could make me happier than a world where humans and Phiroids could live together.
So I was going to go look for it.
"And if there is no such world..."
I wrapped my human hand around my metal fist.
"...No, it has to exist. The world you tried to leave for us humans must exist."
It would probably be incredibly difficult to find it.
But I had the knowledge Tipi gave me.
And I had the feelings Shiona gave me.
Somewhere in this world was a partner who could continue teaching me how to love.
So this journey wouldn't be a hopeless one.
"I'm borrowing this. I'll come back someday to return it."
I was holding Shiona's brother's music box.
Standing in front of Shiona, I turned the crank and played the peaceful melody.
I felt like I could hear her singing along.
"Well then, I'll see you later."
To find a world where humans and Phiroids walked hand in hand...
I took my first step.
"Even so, I remained hopeful and continued to reach both arms toward the light."
"Are you awake?"
"Where... am I?"
"You've awakened from a long sleep. Do you know your name?"
My name...
"I'm an Aso International MODA-117 Alice mk-17. No individual unit name has been set."
"I see you've restarted with your default settings. You can stay Alice for a while, I suppose."
The man in front of me held out an old wooden box.
"What's this?"
"It was with you inside the cold sleep equipment you were resting in."
I took the box. It felt so familiar.
I opened the lid, and saw a dull gold disc. I tried turning the handle on the side of the box, and a melody with rich tones started playing.
The device gently plucked a metal comb, giving off a beautiful melody.
"It's that song that's been around forever, isn't it?"
This tune was not saved in my memory.
At least, it shouldn't have been, but it felt so familiar, and so warm, it warmed my heart.
And at the same time...
Something hot fell from my eyes.
"Emotion malfunction detected. Maintenance may be necessary."
"No, no need for that. You should treasure those feelings. We were left with knowledge and nothing else, and it took a long time to recover the techniques required to put it to use. I'm sorry."
The man spoke kindly.
His face looked familiar somehow, as well.
Not in my memory... My memory...
"Anyway... Let's finish your maintenance and head back."
"Back where?"
"To town."
It was bright outside the facility.
The sky was blue, and stretched upwards forever. White clouds of various shapes floated slowly by.
Warm air filled my artificial respiratory system. A gentle breeze rustled through my hair.
This was all perfectly natural.
But for some reason this totally normal world made me feel strangely nostalgic.
And for some reason, deeply saddened.
We rode in a car down a paved road.
The view from the window was beautiful the entire way.
I saw greenery.
Small fish jumped from the surface of a lovely stream.
Little birds chirped and flew through the sky in tight formation.
"Okay, here we are."
We had come through the gate into a town encircled by white walls.
It was overflowing with people.
Humans and Phiroids walked hand in hand, going about their daily lives.
My eyes grew hot as I watched.
"I'm sorry. My emotional functions really do seem to be malfunctioning. My heart rhythm is also abnormal."
"That's okay. I'm sure that's how it should be."
"Really? Does that mean I'm defective?"
"No, you're working fine. You're more human-like than any other Phiroid."
As a Phiroid, I was very happy to hear that.
But I didn't know why he would say so.
I looked closely at the strangely familiar town.
In the corner of the plaza, a human child and a child model Phiroid were playing together.
There was a photography studio there. The Phiroid shopkeeper was smiling and taking a photo of a human family.
A ways away, a grumpy Phiroid was running a general store while humans shopped.
"Welcome back, Doctor!"
A very cute little girl Phiroid came running up to us.
"Hi, I'm back. Have you been a good girl, Dorothy?"
"Yeah! I drew lots of pictures while you were gone, Doctor. Look."
The little girl showed off her drawing, and her face split into a grin.
It showed the townspeople gathered in a circle and smiling.
The crayon drawing was so warm that just looking at it made my heart feel toasty.
It was a drawing that could make people feel happy just by looking at it.
"Huh? You're..."
The girl looked up at me.
"Nice to meet you. I'm Alice."
"Alice...? Hello, Alice. I'm called Dorothy 'cause I don't have an individual unit name."
"Yes, I'm the same."
Unregistered Phiroids. What should we do, without a primary partner?
The man beside me seemed to understand my worry, and he patted me on the shoulder.
"What would you like to do?"
"...What can I do?"
"Alice, can you sing?"
"Yeah, sing. Like this."
Dorothy closed her eyes, and started singing.
She wasn't the best singer, but the song was familiar.
"This song has been sung since long, long ago. There's no one in the world who doesn't know it."
As the man spoke, he took the music box out of the car.
He opened the lid, and turned the handle on the side of the box.
Rich tones spilled out, and a gentle melody began to play.
The townspeople gathered, as if pulled in by the melody.
They all listened to the tune, and their expressions grew peaceful.
I knew this scene.
My memory should have been wiped clean, but something more deeply remembered than that tugged at my heart softly.
My mouth opened naturally.
I knew it was my first time singing this song, but it was familiar to my throat, my lips... and my heart.
The music box's tune felt incredibly familiar as it filled the plaza.
"Wow, that's beautiful! You're so good!"
"Yes, this song... It's very precious."