the air moved.
The pale light that had enveloped me until then faded away.
Eventually I saw a dingy ceiling.
The right arm extending toward the spot was a little different from the left arm extending at the same time.
My right arm is made of mechanical parts that show off from my wrist.
The fingers move smoothly, but each time a rustling metallic sound echoes softly.
Then he slowly raised his upper body.
So you can see that the pale light that had been reflected in your vision until a while ago is an oval lid with a gentle curve.
It seems that I had fallen asleep in this capsule.
Where am I?
Who am I?
Why am I here?
I can't find the answer even if I ask myself.
Even if you try to go back to memory, all you have is pale memories of light.
I decided to get out of the capsule and parade around the room to find clues to my memory.
I know the act of walking, but I don't know if it's been a long time since I did it.
He walked slowly, paying attention not to fall down.
The air was lukewarm, and dust hung over his throat every time he took it into his lungs.
Outside light penetrated through the hole in the ceiling, along which the dust in the air was exposed.
Perhaps there has been no one in this building for a long time.
There is a thin layer of dust under my feet.
I wonder what this place is for.
The large room was dotted with countless oval capsules.
Most of them are open.
The contents are empty.
Sometimes there was something closed, but there was nothing in it.
It seems that I am the only one in this room.
--no, to be exact.
Some people are leaning against an oval object or rolling on the floor.
But it's not.
That's not a person, to be exact.
It would be more correct to say that it is a humanoid object.
The humanoid object peeped under its skin at mechanical parts.
Machine parts from the neck to the top.
The arms of the machine are bare.
The lower half of the body is torn and the machine part is visible.
So I remembered what the humanoid object was.
Ningen's partner made for ningen.
It is the closest thing to Ningen, carrying not only five senses but also emotions.
I reach for a philloid that is inactive.
The bare hands that were not covered with skin were very similar to my right hand.
This is a factory.
I was built here.
...but for some reason the facility was scrapped just before it was completed.
Look at the right hand of the machine before it is covered with artificial skin and conclude that it is most likely.
When I understood my own existence, I started walking toward the wall.
There is an old automatic door, and the LCD panel marked "CLOSE" is covered with dust.
I touched it with a machine hand.
As soon as I felt something cold like electricity on my bloodless fingertips, the door opened.
I wonder if I can get out of course.
I wonder if anyone remains in this facility.
I missed you.
I missed Ningen.
Let's go find my partner.
I pushed the door open to the outside.
To prove your existence.
When I got home, I was the first to head to the living room first.
There is a broken music box there.
They unravel the books they borrowed from the library and learn about their structure.
As I expected, the gears inside were on.
So no matter how much I turn the handle, the disk doesn't turn and the sound doesn't play.
...but what shall I do with these gears?
Is it possible to make it according to the size described in the book?No, it's impossible.
Proceed with the book page without an answer.
At the end of the book, there was a list of products by manufacturer and a list of parts used.
I glanced through it and caught my eye somewhere.
It turns out that the maker of this music box made watches.
If that's the case, the precise parts may be the same as the watches.
Suddenly, I remember what I had broken at Mad's.
That watch... if it's useless and you throw it away...
You may be able to fix the music box if you use parts such as gears in your watch.
"Ray, what are you doing?"
Shiona enters the living room as soon as she sees the possibility of repair.
"Siona, listen.The clock parts in Mad's store may fix the music box."
"Really? Really?"
Siona had an unusually happy smile.
You can tell Ziona's joy from her expression.
"But don't push yourself too hard.I can sing without a music box."
Siona picked up the music box and began to sing.
The song I was singing in the chapel.
I miss that song somewhere.
That song that warms my heart.
My determination becomes stronger for Ziona, who looks at the music box lovingly.
I want to fix this music box.
And I want Shiona to be happy.
That feeling swells up in me.
"I'll go to Mad's again tomorrow."
I'll ask him to give me his watch somehow.
But there was one thing that bothered me.
That means I broke the watch.
I apologized, but it's still hard to get anywhere.
I'm scared to think that Mad will yell at me again.
"I want to make many people smile with this song by my brother."
Shiona's words arrived at me, who was hesitating.
"This song is orange... I'm sure it can make people's hearts orange.It's a song made with the hope that it will happen.That's my brother's wish.So I want many people to listen to this song.And I want to make many people smile.That's my wish."
Siona said to herself.
Those words give me a boost.
Let's go to Mad's again tomorrow.
And I apologize again for breaking my watch.
I was determined by Shiona's singing voice and music box.
The next day I visited Mad's by myself.
I can't count how many times I thought I'd turn back along the way.
Every time I thought about it, it was that smile of Shiona.
I want to keep looking at that smile.
I want to fix the music box for that.
Yesterday's resolution came back to me many times.
What I can do for Shiona.
I made up my mind to enter Mad's shop.
"How humble are you?"
Soon after, Mad's voice was as low as a distant thunderstorm.
I wanted to run away right away, but I didn't.
"I wanted to apologize more properly for yesterday."
"Are you talking about the clock? I'm sure you've already apologized."
"Because Ziona was there then... I was going to apologize by myself."
"I don't need that.Go home at once."
"Not so.I'm really sorry I broke my watch yesterday."
"No matter how much I apologize, my watch is still broken. Go home."
"I'm sorry.I'm really sorry."
I kept apologizing with my head down.
How long has it been?
Before long, Mad's soft voice came.
"...look up,"
When I did as I was told, there was something about Mad's face that looked ridiculous.
"Oh... what a bastard!I can't be more persistent."
"I'm sorry..."
"Don't apologize any more, I'll let you go."
That's what I say, but there doesn't seem to be as angry as yesterday.
I felt like I heard a small sigh.
"You're done, aren't you?"Go home at once."
"Well... I have one favor to ask of you."
"Please? You have the nerve to ask me."
She shuddered with intimidation, but Shiona's words pushed her back.
"Will you give me that watch?"
"...tell me again,"
"Well... give me yesterday's watch..."
"Don't mess with me!"
I was frozen upright by the impact of lightning.
"You broke it yourself and gave it up, right?Don't get carried away!"
I can't do it anymore...
I can't do any more...
I was about to run away when I heard a voice from my back.
"Wait a minute, Mad,"Ray just wants to fix my brother's music box."
There was Ziona, who was supposed to be waiting at home.
Shiona is not afraid of Mad and walks in with me.
"My brother's music box is broken and Ray will fix it for me.That's why I just want the parts.I really regret that I broke my watch yesterday.So will you forgive me?"
Siona kept smiling and told Mad.
"Well... well..."
Mad's face was red, but his expression gradually eased.
"But I don't have that watch anymore.I threw that away.It's just...
Mad turned his back on us, but continued to move his mouth.
"The abandoned factory on the outskirts of town was abandoned there.I don't know after that."
To that extent, Mad sat facing the wall.
"Thank you, Mad,"
Shiona smiled and bowed out of the shop.
"Oh, thank you very much..."
I also bowed out of the store.
"The abandoned factory is very close to where Ray collapsed."
As soon as she left the shop, Shiona told me.
"Well, Siona is going to throw away the garbage?"
"That's right. There's a lot of trash there."
"Are you by any chance fixing what you picked up from it and selling it here?"
"Yes, Mr. Mad often goes to that place."
I see, that's why there were so many old things in the store.
They probably bring things that they can use from that place and reuse them.
Anyway, I decided to head to the abandoned factory.
"Siona, if you don't mind, I'd like you to show me to that place."
"I'm sorry, but the red kids are coming to my house today."
You must be talking to those kids who spoke to Ziona yesterday.
Come to think of it, I promised to treat you to soup.
"But Ray, you can't be alone.I refuse to make an appointment with the children."
"No, it's all right, Ziona.Keep your word."
"But how do you get there?"
"I'll go to the library.I want to know about the surrounding area, and I want to see a map."
"Library..."
Shiona's expression looks a little cloudy.
"Oh... no, it's nothing....Hey, Ray. Is Tipy used to Ray?"
"I don't know. I don't think you hate me. Why?"
"No, it's nothing.I'm sure there's a map in the library. Have a good trip."
"Yes, I will.I'll see you later."
turn one's back to the library.
Siona's smile, which I saw at that time, seemed to me.
But I don't know why.
"Ray, did you come?"
Tippie was in the same place as yesterday, shedding the same tears.
"Yes, he is.Hey, Tipy, can I ask you a question?"
"Is there a map of the city in this library?"
"Yes, I do.There's a lot."
"That's good.Will you show me where the map is?"
"It's all right, but..."
There's something wrong with Tipy.
"No, it's not... it's not, but..."
"Will you hold me?"
Tippie blushed a little.
His sad expression remains the same, but his cheeks seem to have eased a little.
"... hugging? Did you do that yesterday?"
"Yes... no?"
"Not at all.Come here."
"Yes... yes..."
When I reached out my hand, Tipy stood up and jumped into my chest hesitatingly.
Unlike yesterday, I'll hold her in my arms.
But I think the same thing.
The tippie I hugged was small, soft, and almost broken.
"Tippie, is this all right?"
"Yes, good. Ray... It's warm."
Tippie rubs her cheek against my chest.
The gesture warmed my heart.
Is this by any chance a feeling of love?
I want to protect this girl.
I want to stop these tears.
For a while I hugged Tipy.
"You know, walk away like this."
Tippie turned her fingertips to the aisle in my heart.
With my arms in my arms, I head in the direction indicated by my fingertips.
"Why do you need a map?"
"There seems to be an abandoned factory near the town.I wanted to go there."
"Why to the ashore?"
"There may be some parts there you are looking for."
"Did you see the music box yesterday?"
"Yes, sir.I really want to fix Ziona's brother's music box."
"Siona's... yes.I hope you find it."
Tippie, in my arms, stood on the shelf where the map books were stored without hesitation.
"Do you happen to remember where and which books are?"
"Yes, mostly,"
"That's amazing... Did someone tell you?"
"No, I'm alone while I'm waiting for my father and mother."
Tippie's eyes were a little teary when she said the words father and mother.
"Well... this is it?"
To change the subject, I took out a map book.
I sat down and opened the book.
Like the music box books, the map was also handwritten.
Are all the books in this library handwritten?
That's quite a lot.
Who on earth wrote this many books by hand?
I feel like I'm going to faint from the endless time-consuming work.
"It's quite worn out... how old is this book?"
"Well... I don't know.It's a long, long time ago."
It seemed like a map decades ago.
The building itself seems to be the same as the current townscape...
The pages faded like spills of tea.
Some of them were stuck together and almost torn if you roll them up,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,.
Proceed with caution.
"Oh, is this by any chance?"
I found a factory map symbol to the north of town.
From the point of view of Shiona's house, it's probably this place.
"Ray... Are you leaving?"Don't go..."
Tippie clings to my neck.
I patted his little back many times with my hand.
"It's all right. I'll be back."
"Really? Are you sure you'll come back?"
"Yes, of course. I promise."
"Absolutely. Be sure to come back."
"Yes, absolutely absolute."
Over and over again, I make promises with Tipy.
I wonder why.
Nevertheless, I was reluctant to leave the place.
I'm beginning to feel like staying with Tipy forever.
Hiding that feeling, I left the library.
When I entered the abandoned factory, which I had arrived on a map, the smell of oxidized oil stuck in my nose.
This factory must have originally made Philoid's arms and legs.
Around him were the parts of his half-made philloid arms and feet.
All of them are before artificial skin is covered, and the parts of the machine are exposed.
If you look closely, you'll see that it's the same as my right hand.
Even though I knew it was fake, this scene was strange.
In order to get rid of my rolling arm, I reject it with my right hand.
There was a mournful sound of metal colliding with each other in the factory.
If something breaks down in your body, come here.
There are a lot of alternative parts here.
At the back were several drums filled with oxidizing oil.
Most of them have been oxidized, but some of them have not yet been opened.
If you run out of oil, you'll be able to perform maintenance here unnoticed.
The more I go through the factory, the less worries I have in my head.
This abandoned factory should be an important place for me.
But I can't find anything important.
Of course, it's a clock that Mad says he threw away here.
But there is nothing in this factory that looks like trash, let alone watches.
Is it possible that garbage is thrown out, not inside the factory?
I decided to leave the factory and go around it.
Then, on the back of the factory, I found an area piled up with mechanical parts.
Not only mechanical parts, but also a lot of garbage is thrown away.
I'm sure this is the garbage dump in this town.
Besides Mad, there must be some who have brought home something useful from here.
When I looked up at the mountain many times taller, I thought so-called height, I thought so.
"... well, where is it?"
There is a considerable amount of garbage.
It's hard to find it steadily.
But there's no other way.
I decided at once to begin the search at my feet.
I don't know how long it took.
The sense of time had long gone.
My hands are muddy and dirty because I was moving muddy metal plates and waste oil-soaked containers.
The clothes were sticky with oil, and before I knew it, there were a lot of stains.
After that, I crossed the garbage carpet, swam in the filth river, and was hit by a waterfall of scrap.
Then I finally discovered it.
It was in Mad's shop.
I broke it yesterday.
Give me that watch.
Pick it up and stare at the needle on the board.
Of course, it's not working.
I put my ear to the main body, but it doesn't make any noise.
It's only natural that I broke it.
This clock will never tick again.
The fact struck home.
Gently I hugged my watch and decided to go home.
Shiona greets me gently.
"I'm home. There you are."
Siona smiled softly when she offered her dirty spoils.
"Really, thank you.Here, change your clothes."
Shiona prepared towels and clothes for me.
After wiping off the dirt and changing clothes, I head to the living room.
Shiona welcomes me there again.
"Ray, you're tired, aren't you?Eat and rest."
"No, it's okay. I want to start working right away."
"Are you okay? I'm worried about Ray's health."
"I don't mind. Strangely, I don't feel tired now."
"But I have to eat..."
"Yes, I know.I'll eat it later, so eat it first."
"...yes, I understand.Good luck."
Siona leaves the living room.
Seeing off his back, I began to work.
I opened the book I borrowed from the library.
The music box is a mechanism in which gears of various sizes are intricately intertwined by rotating the handlebars, and the disc rotates at a constant speed.
It doesn't seem that the faster the song is, the faster the song is.
I thought it was a very good technique.
The music box is broken down in reverse order according to the method described in the book.
And when I checked the presence or absence of the parts in turn, I found out that the gears of the part that transmits power were broken on the way.
Is it the precise movement that makes a single small part fail that stops working?
I can't help but look at my right hand.
First of all, let's find something the same size as this broken gear from the clock.
I then began to take the clock apart.
Remove the cover and use a screwdriver to remove the screw.
When the cover was removed, the structure inside was exposed.
There are many layers of gears that are much more precise than the music box.
One of them, the shaft of a slightly larger gear, was broken.Because of that, the parts are not spinning.
I guess this is the place where I broke it yesterday.
Mr. Mad's abandonment of this watch meant that nothing was the same size as this gear.
Fortunately, the broken gear was not the size needed for the music box.
There's something wrong with taking things apart.
I'm breaking this watch to fix the music box.
Maybe it's because I understand what I'maybe it's because I understand for myself.
I hesitated, but at least for my own convenience, I took my watch apart as carefully as I could.
The gears of the clock are arranged on the table in order from the smallest to the music box.
"...there was,"
I was able to find gears of approximately the same size.
All you have to do is transplant it into the music box according to the book.
"I think this is all right..."
There should be no problem with the disk.
I put the lid back and turned the handlebars, and there was a response.
But the steering wheel doesn't turn any further.
I wonder why.
I read the book again.
There is no problem with the parts and the position to be incorporated.
Twist your neck and remove the lid again.
Then, just turn the steering wheel.
It was true that the gears were engaged.
However, the oil seems to be completely dry because it hasn't been used for a while.
That's probably why the steering wheel doesn't turn.
What should I do
Shall we go to Shiona and borrow some cooking oil?
...no, that's a problem, too.
Oil used in cooking and lubricating oil in gears will be different.
It may move at first, but it may cause trouble.
Then what should I do...
Suddenly I looked at my right hand.
It is covered with gloves, but underneath it is bare mechanical parts.
How about using the oil in my hand?
Take off your gloves and look carefully at your right hand.
bare mechanical parts
Oil is built in to make the parts move smoothly.
I inserted a screwdriver into the palm near the base of my thumb.
When the exterior was removed, it was packed with wiring, cylinders, shafts, and other mechanisms for moving the hands of the machine.
One of the cylinders contains oil.
And it was detachable for easy replacement of old oil.
I removed the cylinder with my left hand and dripped the filling oil onto the gear of the music box.
Stretch the oil with your fingertips to fit into all gears as much as possible.
Will it work?
Put the cylinder back in the right hand and stop the exterior again.
If you cover the arm of the machine with gloves, try turning the handle.
It was awkward at first.But as I turn the steering wheel, the gears run to lubricate.
The oil must have run out of the gap between all the gears, and the steering wheel continued to turn without any hitch.
Then the melody begins to play.
"Ray, that song...!"
Shiona burst into the room.
"Yes, it's fixed, Shiona."
"Thank you... Thank you, Ray. Thank you... I'm very happy."
Siona smiled like never before.
Just looking at that smile makes my heart warm.
Then I realized.
Oh, this is it.
Is this the feeling of joy?
I'm happy now.
I'm happy to see Shiona smile.
And for the first time, I realized that it was useful.
"Thank you, Ray, thank you."
Siona took me by the hand and thanked me many times.
As I approach my face, I feel my face getting hot.
"Thanks to Ray's hard work, the music box has been fixed.I can listen to that song again that I gave up.This orange song that my brother made.My favorite song...
"Hey, Shiona, sing.Let me hear your song."
"Yes... of course!"
I turn the handle of the music box.
Shiona folded her hands in front of her chest and began to sing to the melody.
The song I was singing when I met him.
It's a song written by Shiona's brother.
an orange song
I think I understand what it means now.
The feeling in my heart is joy.
Shiona's song.
And Ziona sings happily.
The mere sight of it filled me with joy.
More than usual, Ziona was singing the song happily.
That day, she sang all the time until she fell asleep.
I was listening to the song and the tone.
Over and over again, Siona asked me to play the song.
She kept singing so much that her arms could no longer move.
The look on his face made me think.
I want to be with Shiona like this forever.
If Shiona wishes so, I can stay with her forever.
But in order to do so, you must never be exposed to me.
Never, never...
That day I made up my mind to be with Shiona forever.
a darkened room at night.
On the two beds, Shiona talks to me.
"Will you do me a favor?"
"Well, I want a lot of people to listen to this song, and I want to make them smile.I want to make many people happy with this song that my brother made."
I know what you're saying.
But I didn't know what it was.
I wonder if that's the case.
Or is it an emotion?
The word "happiness" is repeatedly reflected in my head.
"Well, I want you to help me,"
"Help me? What should I do?"
"To-morrow, I want you to go to the square with me.And I want you to turn the music box."
"That's why Ziona sings,"
"Yes, yes, and I want as many people as possible to ask.That orange song that my brother made..."
"Yes, I'd like to, too.Of course I'll help you."
I heard the sheets rubbing.
"What's the matter, Shiona?"
"Hey, Ray... Can I hold your hand?"
I can't see Shiona's expression in the dark.
But I felt like Shiona's face was turning red.
"Hand? With me?"
"Yes, I want to connect with Ray... no...?
I search my knowledge.
I know the act of holding hands.
But what does that mean for men and women of age...
"No, that's all right..."
Ningen... If Ziona asks me to do it, I want to respond.
Fortunately, my girlfriend is on my left.
I don't think there's any problem with the hands covered with artificial skin.
Reach out to the next bed.
My hands were a little chilly in the cold room.
Look for Shiona's hand in the air.
Touch, warm.
Shiona's hands overlapped mine.
"It's warm, Ray,"
"Yes... It's warm, Ziona."
We held hands.
He entwined his fingers from either side.
It's not just the warmth that comes from your hands, it's the warmth that spreads.
I wonder if this is the warmth of ningen, which is different from the warmth of my creation...
"Ray... stronger."
"...like this..."
"Sorry, did it hurt?"
"No... it was just stronger than I thought."
"Is this strength all right?"
"Yes... thank you, Ray."
We held hands all night.
His hands remained tied until morning woke us up.
The next day, the square was filled with sound.
It's a melody that I and Shiona started playing.
Shiona sang.
I'm spinning Siona's brother's music box.
At first, there was no traffic.
But the number increased as she was attracted to Shiona's singing voice.
One by one, he stopped and soon a small ring was formed.
The circle soon grew larger, and the deserted square quickly became very lively.
Everyone present listened to Shiona's singing voice.
The young couple leaned together and clasped their hands.
The old man closed his eyes deeply.
The young man looked at the woman a little further away.
Young parents and children laugh happily at each other.
The children were moving to the song.
Each listens to Shiona's songs with his own thoughts.
But there was only one thing in common.
That means everyone is smiling.
Everyone was smiling at Shiona's song.
I felt warmth deep in my heart when I felt that I was cooperating in making people smile.
This is the feeling of joy.
The feelings I felt when I saw Shiona smile yesterday.
That's what it was.
I'm happy.
I felt my cheeks rise a little.
I'm sure I have a smile on my face, too.
It may look a little clumsy.
But that doesn't matter.
If I could get a little closer to Ziona, that would be enough for me.
The music box, which had just been fixed, kept playing the melody.
The steering wheel is also in good condition.
The sound flowing from the disc echoes in the crate and amplifies it to form a clear tone.
According to Ziona, the melody is orange.
Shiona sings to the melody.
I wish this time would last forever.
It's a time when you can make people smile.
And I always wanted to see Shiona's profile singing happily.
Suddenly, my eyes turned to the library on the outskirts of town.
The closed curtains seemed to shake a little.
For a moment I saw a little figure.
I know who it is.
That blue girl who always cries.
It's a tippie.
I'm sure she's still crying.
In that solitary library --"
Just thinking about it made my heart ache.
It's like a thorn stuck in it.
How did Tipy feel about this circle?
The circle of smiles continues to spread.
Everyone there shared the same feeling with a smile.
I noticed that there was one of them with a frowning face.
The man with his arms folded on his angry shoulders was Mad.
He is so out of place that only one person has the feeling of anger on his face.
I suddenly met Mad, who had that feeling that I didn't know yet.
That's less than a second.
Mad immediately snuffles and turns around and disappears in the crowd.
When I saw it, I thought,
I want to make everyone smile.
Two people expressing sadness and anger.
I want to make Tipy and Mad smile.
But what should I do?
As I turned the steering wheel of the music box, I kept thinking about it.
After the song was over, I went to Mad's by myself.
I couldn't help but be bothered by his frown.
You enter the restaurant, which is still dark and eerie.
There are no customers.
Mr. Mad is just sitting in the cash register chair.
However, the situation is strange.
Unlike before, I didn't sit back in my chair.
I just stared at what seemed to be a small square chip in my hand.
His expression was as grim as ever, but there was something of loneliness in it.
"Well... Mr. Mad?"
When I spoke to him, Mad hid the tip in his palm in a flustered manner.
"Oh, my God, what do you want? Why did you come in without permission?"
"I mean, you're free to enter because it's a shop..."
"Don't be silly! It's outrageous of you to enter the store without my permission!"
They are saying very unreasonable things.
"But you were so focused on the tip that you didn't notice me coming in."
"It's the tip you're hiding in your palm."
"I'm not hiding anything like that!"
"But I saw it.If you haven't hidden it, open your palms and look inside???????
"Noisy, get out!"And you'll never come again, will you?"
Words forced me out of Mad's shop.
I came here to make Mad smile, but I'm doing the opposite with it.
Shiona waited for me in front of the store.
That smile warms my heart a little.
"Huh? Why is Ziona here?"
"I was curious about Ray's destination, so I followed him."
"I came here to make Mad smile.But I made him angry again..."
"Smile at Mad..."That's a very difficult thing.So there's nothing to worry about.It's normal for Mad to get angry."
"But I felt more angry today than usual."
"More than usual? What happened?"
"I'm not sure, but I heard about the tip."
"...tips?"
"Yes, it's a square chip enough to fit in your palm.Mr. Mad, please keep an eye on it..."
I use my fingers to shape the size of the chip Mad had in his hand.
Siona's eyes widened a little, wondering if she knew the tip.
"Did you happen to hear about the tip?"
"Yes, and then suddenly I got angry --"
"Yes, I see.Ray, that can't be helped."
"Can't you help it? What do you mean?"
"That tip is Mad's treasure,"
"Mr. Mad's treasure? What's in it?"
"There must be a movie made by Mad's son."
"Your son's movie? Mr. Mad's son is a movie director?"
"Yes, yes, but I haven't come back from this town since I left a long time ago."
Shiona says so, looking at the store.
I'm in trouble, but I won't lose my smile... with a strange expression mixed with those two emotions.
"But why are you staring at the chips? You should have seen a movie."
"That's impossible.We don't have any equipment in this town to play those chips."
"Then you can't see Mad even if you want to, so you're staring at him like that?"
"I'm sure so.I'm shy, so I won't say it."
Then I thought of it.
How can I make Mad smile, who is always frowning and angry?
"No, it's nothing.Shiona, there's something I want to stop by, so go back first."
"Where do you want to stop..."
"Yes, there's something I'd like to look into,"
"...library?"
Siona looked surprised.
I wonder if they're worried about me, who's not used to the town yet.
"I'll never be late,"
In order to reduce the burden on Ziona's mind, I speak clearly.
Shiona opens her mouth as if she wanted to say something, but immediately closes it.
And once. He bites his lips lightly for a moment, and then smiles.
"...okay.Be careful, Ray."
I broke up with Ziona in front of Mad's shop and started walking around the town alone.
The library was still dark and stuffy.
I go straight through the labyrinthine building without hesitation.
To the blue girl who is always shedding tears.
"Ray, did you come?"
When he saw me, he stood up and ran up to me.
I hugged the little body gently.
"Yes, I promised,"
"Thank you, Ray. I'm glad."
Tippie is burying her face around my stomach.
I could see tears streaming through my clothes.
"Tipy, what have you been up to?"
"Come here, Ray,"
Holding my hand, I walk as Tippi leads me.
Where Tipy sat, drawing paper and crayons were lying.
There is an unfinished picture on the drawing paper.
"Did you draw this?"
"Yes, I draw one every day."
Tippie said so, and resumed painting.
look into a picture
It depicts a girl singing and a boy spinning a music box.
"Tipy, by any chance this is..."
"Ray and Ziona,"I'm singing in the square."
Tippie was looking at us through the curtains.
The thought of Tipy staring at us alone made my heart ache.
"Ray, what's the matter? Is something wrong?"
The girl's eyes were filled with sorrow.
I put my hand on Tippie's head to console her feelings.
"It's all right. It's nothing. It's a very good drawing."
"Yes... thank you, I'm glad."
He stroked his head, and Tippie approached him affectionately.
But his face was fleeting and sad.
I really wanted to see her smile.
"You said you draw one every day. Do you have any other pictures?"
"Yes, I do.Ray, come here."
Tipy stands up and leads me to the back of the library, holding my hand.
There was the picture.
There are many pictures on the low wall, which Tippie probably put on by herself.
"I bought this yesterday, and this was the day before, and this was the day before."
Tipy explains one by one.
a picture of a girl holding hands with a young man.
a young man who visits a girl and another girl.
And a picture of a girl crying alone.
Oh, I see.
This is Tipy's picture diary.
After that, there were pictures of girls crying all by themselves.
Tippie hasn't been alone since I came here.
The girl's expression in the picture seemed a little relaxed.
I'm sure it's Tippie's feelings themselves.
But it's just something that's still full of sadness.
I wanted to make this girl smile, too.
I wonder what I can do for that end.
I can't think of the answer.
The only thing I can say is to stay with Tipy like this.
"Hey Ray, what kind of book are you looking for today?"
Tippie pulled me up by the sleeve with a sad expression on his face.
"I'm looking for a device that can project images... is there a book that shows that?"
"Yes, I do.It's a little far from here."
"Can you show me around?"
"Yes, that's all right. Yes, sir."
Then Tipy spread out his hands.
The teddy bear in his right hand goes blank.
"Hold me,"
I hugged Tippie.
As before, she rubbed her cheek against my chest.
"That way, Ray,"
I began to guide him directly to the book I wanted.
The book is upstairs in the library.
It is the corner of a shelf where projectors, projectors, and other materials related to ancient and modern images are gathered.
"Here's the book you want to read,"
All the books on the shelves were handwritten like music box books and maps.
However, there seem to be quite a few types of projectors that use film and disk.
"What are you looking for?"
"It's a chip of this size. Do you understand?"
I'll show you the size of the chip Mad had with my fingers.
"Well... is it true? Is it true that there is only one corner?"
"I think the corners... were like they were missing diagonally..."
I couldn't say it with confidence because I didn't see it very well.
But Tipy nodded, though small.
"Is that the chip Mr. Mad has?"
"Yes, it's Mr. Mad's tip."
I was surprised that Tipy knew Mr. Mad, but there was nothing wrong with him because he was the owner of the general store in this town.
Shiona knew about Mad's tips, and maybe everyone in town knew about them.
And it must be a well-known fact that Mad is stubborn and refuses to see what is inside.
"Well... then... this,"
On tiptoe, Tipy points to a book on a shelf within reach.
"That's amazing, Tippie.You remember all the book locations, after all."
"Oh, my God. I was praised."
Tipy presses his face against my stomach.
While stroking his head, I picked up the book and checked the contents.
Books... or rather, it was like an instruction manual.
Mume's projectors -- detailing the types of media and chips that can be played back.
The internal structure and wiring were also carefully written down.
It looks like a projector that can project the contents recorded on a portable chip onto a screen or white wall.
If you can find the device, you can show Mad the movie in the chip.
"Thank you, Tippie, I found the information I wanted."
"...are you leaving yet?"
Tipy looks up at me sadly.
"...yes, I'm sorry,"
"No, don't go."
Are you going to stop me from leaving the place?
Tipy hugs me.
The innocent warmth shook my resolution.
But I have to go.
I want Mad to be happy now.
I want to see Mad's smile.
"Tippie, I promise.I'll definitely come back tomorrow."
"Tomorrow...? Really...?
"Yes, indeed.I promise."
"...would you like to leave?"
"Yes, I can't go away.I'll definitely come to see you every day."
"...okay.I'm waiting."
With my hair pulled back, I left the library, leaving the blue girl -- Tipy.
"Are you here again?"What are you here for!!!"
As soon as I visited the store, Mad's roar greeted me.
I want to run away.
I want to cover my ears.
But I didn't do that.
I wanted to make Mad's wish come true.
"Mr. Mad, I have a favor to ask of you.Please lend me your son's tip."
"That chip with your son's movie in it."
"Why should I lend it to you, don't be silly!"
"Please... please."
"Stop meddling!"It's annoying here!"
"I... I want to be of service to Mr. Mad!"
"It's useful?"
Mad's eyes become sharper, and fear begins to work, and his throat shrinks.
The movable part of the knee becomes weak and fluffy.
I want to run away right now... but I can't hesitate here.
"I heard from Ziona about the tip.Your son left town to become a movie director.It's a movie that your son sent you, right?But I couldn't watch it all the time because I didn't have that playback device, right?"
I speak fast to suppress my fear.
Mr. Mad looked at me a little surprised, perhaps because of the momentum.
"I just went to the library.I'm going to find out which equipment I need to play."
"Did you... go to the library..."
Mad looked even more surprised at the word library.
"Yes... I'll look for a device that can play the chip.Even if the regenerator is broken, I'll fix it.If I can't find it, I'll try to make it by connecting various parts."
"Why are you doing that?It's none of your business, isn't it?"
"Perhaps it has nothing to do with it doesn't matter.But that's what I want to do."
"I want to be of service to Mr. Mad... that's all.So, please."
The silence continued.
Is this a positive silence or????
"He was the worst idiot,"
Mad sat down in his chair and looked up at the ceiling.
and began to speak to me with a sad expression.
All I had to do was fight with him.
When we meet, we only start fighting.
That's why he started avoiding me.
No, I might have been the one avoiding it.
Anyway, we often don't see each other.
So I was surprised when he said he wanted to talk to me.
"I'm leaving this town,"
"Are you leaving town?"What are you talking about?"
"I will leave this town and become a movie director.As expected, I like movies."
"Don't just talk about dreams, but look at reality.You can't be the director.You can't do it, can you?"
"Don't judge me impossible!"You won't know until you try!"
"I know, I'm your father.No one watches a movie directed by a talented director."
"Some people acknowledge me!"He was also giving me results!You just don't admit it!"
"I can't even dream of being in such a town!"
"This is the town? Say it again."
"I'll tell you as much as I want.I can't stand the life of living in a shop like this in a town like this."
"You... that's enough..."
"I'll tell you as much as I want!"You're afraid to change!"
`I've done the same thing every day since my mother died -- '
I couldn't help but hit him.
"...that's always violence.I've had a hard time of it's been a long time."
"...okay, get out."
"Oh, let me do that.Keep doing the same thing here forever."
My son left home.
I haven't even heard from him since.
All I gave you was a movie on this chip.
How can I see something that doesn't have a playback device?
I can't forgive such a selfish fellow.
I don't want to see a movie like this.
I don't want to see his face any more.
I was surprised at Mad, who was unusually talkative.
The more I hear that feeling, the more I get excited.
If Mad really doesn't like his son, he doesn't have to keep a non-playable chip forever.
If his son didn't like Mad, he wouldn't have sent his own movie.
I'm sure I want Mad to see this movie.
I think I sent that tip to Mad with some thought.
So I want to show this movie to Mad.
I bowed my head again.
"Please! Give me the tip!"
Mr. Mad comes before me in silence.
I was ready to be yelled at, but I didn't feel scared anymore.
It was because he had a stronger sense of wanting to do something useful for Mad.
But Mad handed me the tip he had in his hand.
"Do as you please,"
I look back at the tip I received.
It covered a metal core with organic glass and ran through iridescent electronic circuits.
It was in my knowledge, too.A general-purpose chip used to back up filoids.
Most manufacturers adopted this format, which has reached the world standard.
This may not require a Mume projector to play.
I clenched the tip and bowed to Mad.
an abandoned factory on the outskirts of the town.
I was stepping into a pile of trash behind it.
I thought there was no other device to play Mad's chips than this abandoned factory.
If it had been in town, it would have been regenerated a long time ago.
There is a lot of equipment in the garbage.
The wiring is broken or rusted.
As far as I can see, they are all useless.
It's unlikely that there's the projector you want in this place.But I think I can find some parts such as the foundation.
As I told Mad, I'll put the parts together so that they can play the chip.
This is the only place I can rely on.
If you don't do anything about it here, Mad will always look like that.
I won't let you do that.
I don't want you to do that.
But with that single mind, we will break down the scrap heap.
However, no matter how much I look for it, I can't find the device I'm looking for.
I'm sure even Mad has looked for it.
No... maybe Mad is still looking for it.
Siona said,Mr. Mad fixes what he picked up at this dump and sells it at the general store.
I think the real purpose was to find a projector to play your son's chips.
Then, I wonder how Mad feels, who has never been able to find it...
I picked up something else instead of a projector... I wonder what I was thinking when I repaired it...
I broke Mad's watch.
Oh... I see... That's why Mad got angry.
That watch was in the process of trying to get back something dear to Mad.
This is speculation, but I hope so.
If that's the case, it won't be easy for me to find what Mad has been looking for.
Still, I won't give up.
Finding a projector should be my biggest atonement for breaking my watch...
It was when he dragged equipment bigger than his body.
I felt uncomfortable in my right hand.
Very small discomfort... I feel awkward with the operation of the knuckles.
Is the oil running out or is something wrong?
It may not be very good if you keep working.
I couldn't stop moving my hands.
I'm sure Mad is looking for it as far as he can see.
I looked up at the pile of scrap iron far above my height.
If I were lighter than Mad, I might be able to climb.
At the same time, I began to climb the ugly, untidy stairs.
I found water hitting my back.
Large drops of rain were pouring down from the sky above.
"Ray, let's not do that anymore."
a voice heard from a lower position than underfoot.
When I looked back, Shiona was there.
He looked up at me in the rain.
"It's raining.You'll catch a cold at this rate."
"It's all right. I'll look for it a little more, thank you."
"Even if you don't find it, Mad will like it."
"It's all right, Siona.Just a little more."
I went on with my work.
From behind, Shiona talks to me unilaterally.
"But I'm wet to the skin.Let's stop. You're tired, right?No one will blame Ray if he gives up."
Soothingly.
"I'm worried about your body. Should I stop?I'll be sad if I get hurt, Ray. ...it's also important to give up."
"There may be other ways, so let's go home today.I'm preparing an orange poi poi soup."
"Let's go home now... Ray, let's go home... Hey, Ray... I'm worried, Ray..."
Still, I went on.
I kept looking for it despite the heavy rain.
I pulled out a rotten iron plate.
Soon, a small avalanche of scrap occurs.
I retreat and avoid the scrap that roars under my feet.
"Dangerous, Ray!"
When I look back in Shiona's voice, I see a pile of scrap falling from behind.
There was also an avalanche in the mountains behind.
He managed to run up the crumbling scrap as he was about to be swallowed up.
After a while, the avalanche subsided and only the sound of rain remained around.
"Are you all right, Ray?"Are you hurt?"
"Yes, somehow... it was dangerous."
"Really... I'm glad you're safe, I'm glad..."
Shiona let out a sigh of relief.
I stood up to prove my safety.
"Oh... Ray, that,"
Shiona pointed to my feet with her eyes wide open.
The scrap heap that just collapsed.Among them was a familiar device.
It's the same device as the one in the book Tippi showed me.
I dug it up and looked at the surface of the vessel, and found that it was written in rough letters "Mume."
"Here it is... Shiona, this is it!"There it is!"
Lift it up and hold it high so that it looks like Ziona.
The water that had been stored inside flowed out at a sloping moment.
"Yes, I did, Siona! I finally found it! Now I can have Mad watch the movie!"
"Yes, but... I think the machine is broken..."
"What?"
Shiona told me to bring my hand in front of me, which was holding the device.
Indeed, the equipment I found -- the Mume projector -- was clearly faulty.
There is no lens part required for projection.
There was also a large crack in the upper part, and when I looked in from there, the foundation inside was covered with rust.
I can't project a movie with this.
"That's too bad... Ray, shall we go home now?"
Shiona's hand is outstretched.
I put my hands on that hand.
The warmth warmed my hands, chilled by the rain.
By the time I got back to town, the rain had stopped.
Even so, it won't clear my mind.
Can you really fix a projector that you hold in your arms?
I was going to fix it, but now that I see this ragged condition, my determination is shaken.
"What's the matter, you're so wet?"
On my way back to church, I was suddenly stopped.
Looking back, I saw the director of the photo shop who used to take pictures.
"I was just looking for something,"
"What are you looking for...? I see.Have you found the thing you are looking for?"
"Yes... but..."
"What's the matter?"
"I found it, but it's broken and I can't use it."
Instead of me being discouraged, Shiona answered.
"Well, that's too bad.By the way, what were you going to use it for?"
"Actually... I wanted to play back the chips that Mad had."
"Mr. Mad's? It's a tip from your son."
"...yes, I want to please Mad, who is always angry..."
"Is that what you really want to do?"
The curator asked me to try it gently.
"Yes, of course,"
I answered without hesitation.
"Mr. Mad... always looks angry and looks very painful.I'm sure they'll laugh if there's any chance.I think people can be happy if they can laugh.And I think other people who see it will be happy."
After saying that, I look at Shiona.
"I... had Ziona teach me that."
Shiona looked surprised at my words, but smiled at once.
Yeah, that's the look on my face.Someone's smile makes people around you feel happy.
The moment Shiona smiled, my heart warmed up.
"I see... can you show me that?"
The curator pointed to my projector.I hold out the broken machine in silence.
The director of the photo shop looked around the equipment.
"Well, that's outrageous.There are too many things that seem to be lacking."
When the curator, who usually takes care of the camera, says so, I feel like I'm going to be discouraged.
The curator returned the projector with a wry smile, perhaps aware of my depression.
"Ray, let's go home early.You're going to catch a cold."
"Yes, it would be bad for you to stay wet in the rain.You'd better go home and change your clothes first."
I'll bother the curator any more.
Even if I don't mind, Ningen's Shiona will catch a cold.
We bowed to the curator, hugging the projector, and headed for church.
When she returned to church, she wiped my head with a soft towel.
Gentle, soft and careful not to rub.
"That's too bad, projector."
"...yes, but it was originally a garbage dump, and it's only natural that it's broken."
If you think about it for a moment, you'll understand.But I wanted a convenient development.
If you want, you can do something about it.If you work hard, you'll definitely get results will follow.
Reality is not such a sweet thing.
"It can't be helped. Ray did his best. No one will complain."
"But... but I wanted to show Mad a movie."
"Yes... Ray, you're kind, aren't you?"
"It's not kindness or anything like that.It's just that I think that's my job."
"But that feeling alone will please Mad.That's enough."
"I hope so..."
"Let's warm it up first.I'll get you a drink that makes your body and mind warm."
Folding the towel that had wiped my head, Siona smiled and headed toward the kitchen.
Sitting in a chair, I let out a sigh.
Look at the broken projector on the table.
...no, it's no use being depressed.
It's broken, but it's a little progressive from the perspective of nothing.
If you fix this projector little by little, you'll be able to play chips someday.
The book I borrowed from Tipy showed me how to break it down for maintenance.
If you untie them in order, you will be able to fix them.
You can look for the missing parts one by one at that factory.
I want Mad to smile.I want you to show me a look of joy like Shiona when the music box is fixed.
I'm determined to fix the projector again.
Just then, I realize that the main hall of the church is more lively.
"Excuse me,"
When I opened the door and looked into my face, I saw the director of the photography shop.
And on his back, many more townspeople.
"What's the matter?"
When I ask in a strange way, the townspeople offer me something with a smile.
"This is a part of our broken watch.Use it if you like."
"Wiring, I thought this might fit."
"Use mine for the lights."
"No, the lights are mine."
"We have a lot of tools at home, so you can use them as much as you want."
Various electrical components, wiring equipment, electronic circuits, gears and screws are placed one after another on the table.
The curator smiled as he was dumbfounded at the sight.
"...what about this?"
"You're fixing that projector, aren't you? He brought me something that I might need if I told everyone about it.Some of them may be unnecessary, but is there nothing better than having ingredients?"
"Why...?"
"They are people who were moved by the music and songs of you and Ziona.He really wants to thank me... ...and I'm one of them."
The curator took out the lens and handed it to me.
"This... It's a camera lens. Does it fit?"
I felt something warm in my heart.
Then the warmth gradually rises and rises.
Eventually, the warmth reaches the back of his eyes and heats up.
I couldn't get my words right in my head.I want to say something, but only my lips tremble.
Shiona, holding a steaming cup, looked at me gently.
"Siona... my heart is warm.I wonder why?"
"Ray, that's the feeling of 'joy.'"
As she approaches me, she hands me a cup of warm, fragrant drinks.
"Everyone is responding to Ray's desire to make Mad smile.Everybody wants Mr. Mad to be happy, especially Ray."
"Isn't it annoying... I started it on my own."
"If you think it's annoying, people can't smile so warm."
I'll take turns looking at the people in the town who brought me the parts.
Hold each part in your hand, hold it up so that you can see it towards me, and smile.
"...everyone...thank you,"
Using the parts and tools I received, I started repairing them on the spot.
I proceeded with various people helping me with things that I couldn't understand by myself.
Remove moisture, carefully shave off rusty parts with a file, and repair broken electronic circuits with copper foil.
The solder, which was about to come off, was corrected with the tip of a heated screwdriver until it turned red.
"No, no, it's not like that, it's like this."
"No, no, it's like this here, isn't it?
"Both of you are different! This is definitely the case!"
Neither like this nor like this.
The repairs were carried out in a noisy but noisy manner.
and at last --"
The repairs were finished in a shapeless, patchy condition.
"Thank you, ladies and gentlemen,"
"That's all right.Instead, let me hear that song again."
"Children like it.Do it again, will you?"
"When I hear him, I feel good."
"That song reminds me of the past..."
"I love that song because it's fun!"
Uncool equipment made by everyone.
It looked far from what I had seen in a book.
But it's the only projector in the world that we've ever made together.
I couldn't have been happier.
Everyone there was really pleased with the completion.
"All we have to do is test-start this,"
When I was told that it was a test start, I looked around the room.
Come to think of it, I've never seen electricity in this town.
Photographers also used analog cameras.
"... you know, isn't there any electricity in this town...?
When I asked my question, all the people in the room were surprised.
It's like touching something you shouldn't touch.
Even the curator, who proposed a test launch, remained silent.
"The library,"
It was Shiona who spoke in a way that broke the awkward atmosphere.
"There's no electricity in this town, but there's only a storage facility left."
"Is that the library?"
"Yes, sir,"
It was as if a ray of hope had come in.
I felt my cheeks soften.
But Shiona's expression -- supposed to be a smile -- had sad eyes.
The next day I was out with Shiona to the library.
I had a homemade projector that I made with the people in the neighborhood yesterday.
"I didn't know there was such a device here."
The library counter was equipped with a device that could store solar-generated electricity in a portable battery.
Apparently the only device left in this town.
However, the aging of solar panels does not mean that large amounts of electricity can be generated.
In other words, electricity is a precious energy for this town.
Despite my selfishness, the whole town gave me permission to do such a precious thing.
--I'm sure you'll let me hear the music again.
However, there was something that bothered me.
I felt that a place called a library meant something special to the townspeople.
Everyone's reaction yesterday.Looking back, Mad changed his expression to what I went to the library.
...no, don't make any strange guesses now.
When I took my eyes off the battery that was starting to charge, I looked at Ziona trying to hide my inner anxiety.
"I have to ask Ziona to sing again,"
"Yes, I'll sing thank you to everyone."
Shiona always smiles at me.
Next to Ziona was Tipy.
She looked at Shiona a little puzzled.
Come to think of it, it's my first time seeing these two side by side.
"Tipy, how long will it take to charge it?"
"Well... maybe about three more."
"Well, it's surprisingly early,"
"Can't you be with Ray except for Sanjippun...?"
Tipy takes a big detour around Ziona and hugs me around my leg.
His sad expression did not change.
But I felt a little less sad.
Pat Tippie on the head with her palm.
I stroked my silky hair many times, and Tipy rubbed his cheek against my feet.
"...yes, you two.That's it."
Between me and Tipy, Shiona breaks in.
"Oh... Ray, Ray..."
Tipy reaches out for me.
But that hand won't reach me.
"Ray, wait a minute..."
Shiona grabs me by the arm and takes me to the wall.
--the sweet smell of Ziona tickled her nose.
"Ray, Tippie is already a girl.Do you understand what this means?"
"I know,"It's cute to get used to it, isn't it?"
"That's not the case..."I don't think it's good to touch them too easily or get along with them too well."
"Why? I think it's all right if Tipy likes it."
"No... I don't think it's good to touch an old girl easily."
"Tipy is still a child, though she is old enough?"
"Girls grow faster inside than they look.I've got a pink heart already."
"Pink...? What does that mean?"
"Pink is pink. That's why I don't think it's good."
More than ever, Shiona seemed to be upset.
He talks to me with a smile, but his cheeks are a little puffy.
Come to think of it, when I said I was going to the library, my smile was always stiff.
She doesn't seem to think very well of me getting along with Tipy.
Even now, it looks like he's competing with Tippi.
"... hey, Ziona.Is that the feeling of 'yakimochi'?"
At my words, Siona's eyes widened and she took her breath away.
He looked at me restlessly and wouldn't look at me.
This is her first expression, which she always smiles.
I'll try to reach out to Shiona's head.
"What? Ray..."
and stroked his hair gently as if he were tipping it.
"Wow... Ray, what's all of a sudden?What's wrong?"
Unlike Tippi, Shiona's hair was dry and comfortable.Every time I stroke it, it smells good.
That kind of hair makes me want to touch it forever.
"Rae, Ray? I'm kind of shy, right?"
"Oh, I'm sorry, but I wonder why I should do this."
I'm not sure what it is, but watching Shiona now makes my heart warm.
A sense of joy that I've learned before rises.
"Anyway, let's not stick too sticky, shall we?"Can you promise me?"
"Yes, if that's what Ziona says, I'll do it,"
So I had no choice but to say so.
We'll go back to Tippi.
Tippie looked up at us anxiously.
"What's wrong with you, Tippie? Bad boy? Is that why you're both awake?"
Tipy, who raises her eyebrows sadly.
"It's all right. It's nothing."
"Really? Isn't it really happening?"Because Ziona's face... It's red."
"Oh, this isn't right. I'm red and prickly."
"Well... yes, I understand."
Tipy shed tears of relief.
Actually, I want to wipe those tears with my fingertips, but I'm sure Ziona won't like it.
So I decided to quell the impulse.
Turn on the projector after charging.
A low motor noise is heard and the exhaust fan starts to spin.
The lights at the top blinked to indicate that they were preparing to start.
I haven't seen it in a long time. It's an electric light.I, Ziona, and Tipy both watched the flicker with a rare eye.
"Well... where to tip..."
The control panel on the side of the projector is broken and exposed.
There is a place to insert the chip in the center.
I slowly tipped in the tip that Mad had left me.
The projector flickered the read lamp red to check the data inside.
We watched the situation with breathless interest.
After about 10 seconds, the interval between the flashes of the lamp decreases -- it turns green.
"This... you mean it's okay, right?"
There was a mixture of anxiety and excitement, and his voice was hoarse.
"Yes, the projector is fixed and the data inside is fine."
Shiona's words lift my heart.I could see the corners of my mouth rising naturally.
I was "joyed" at the satisfaction of accomplishing something new.
After charging and checking the projector, we were heading to Mad's shop.
Tippi says she feels sleepy and stays in the library.
I wanted to see it with you because it was a good opportunity, but Shiona told me not to push myself too hard.
"Mr. Mad, will you please?"
"Oh, yes... I'm sure you'll like it."
"I hope so, because it was made by everyone in town.It's all the more so because everyone's heart is in it."
"Well, yes... that's right."
"What's the matter, Siona? What's the matter?"
There's something wrong with Shiona.
"No, nothing."
"I see... I don't think so..."
"But Ray, it's cloudy today than usual, and my heart is turning gray."
muttered Shiona, looking up at the sky.
I look up at the sky in the same way, but I can't see the difference.
On the contrary, since it is after rain, dust from the atmosphere is removed and breathing is easier.
"Besides, it's damp and makes me feel dizzy.So, Ray. Why don't you relax at home today?Let's warm up with orange soup."
Does this air make Ziona feel uncomfortable...?
No, I think Shiona's words hide what she really wants to say.
But I didn't quite understand what that meant.
I don't think Shiona will be mean.
"But we made it all together.I want to show Mr. Mad your son's movie soon as possible."
"Yes... that's right."
Shiona remained silent for so long.
I'm not angry.
They're following me to my stride.
There was something dark about his expression.
When we arrive at Mad's shop, we step into the dim store.
"Hey... what are you doing?"
From the back of the shop, Mad's voice sounded like a rumble.
He leaned back in his chair and looked straight at us.
"Hello, Mr. Mad,"Well... this."
I took out a projector full of patches.
Mr. Mad glares at it as if he were asking for a price.
"What's that? We don't buy garbage."
"That's not the case.This is a projector that looks bad but can play your son's movies."
"My son's movie? I don't remember asking him to make that."
"I have certainly not been asked to do so.It's something I did as I did it on my own.However, many people in the town cooperated to make this.I want Mad to see all the movies."
"So I don't remember asking you to do that,"
"I know.It's something I did as I did it on my own.So what I'm going to do now is what I'm going to do as I'm going to do whatever I want.If you're going to stop, please stop."
I was about to start walking.
But from behind, Shiona pulled the sleeves of her clothes to block her.
"Ray, Mr. Mad's prickly purple... You had better not do it today.Shall we change the day?"
"Siona, we've come this far.Mad says that, but you should want to see your son's movie.If you don't see it here, I'm sure you won't."
"And if you really don't like it, I'm already thrown out."
It's just a guess from Mad's past actions, but I don't think it's wrong.
"It's all right, Siona, so don't look so worried.It's all right."
I nodded strongly, trying to get rid of Ziona's anxiety.
"...okay, Ray.If Ray wants to do it, do as you please."
Siona let go of my sleeve.
I'll start walking again.
Place the device at the cash register counter and close the store door.
Then he closed all the window curtains.
It's already dark, but it's getting darker.
It's just dark enough for a movie to be played back.
Then, when I turned on the newly charged projector, the fan roared and the lights turned on after a while.
A square of light floats on the wall of the store.
I adjusted the lens I received from the director of the photo shop and focused it.
Mad just stared at the movement.
"Mad, I'm going to play the movie now.Is that all right?"
"...do as you please,"
Mad didn't deny it.
I'm sure that's the answer Mad wants.
Put your finger on the button on the control panel...
--regenerate.
Mad looked sternly at the square light.
The story begins in the light.
It's about a boy.
The stage was in an era when the sky was still blue and nature remained.
Born into a small house in a small town, he didn't know his mother.
My father, who lived with me, took only minimal care of me...The relationship was far from family-like.
And as the boy grows up, the gap between them deepens.
When I met him, he was fighting.
All the short conversations were mutual negation.
Before I knew it, my eyes had disappeared.
The number of boys going home decreases, and eventually they set foot on the road of evil.
His father hit him in silence.
I cut the wrinkles between my eyebrows deeper than usual...
A boy who runs out of the house and leaves town.
But it was the beginning of the hard days.
People who I thought were my companions took good advantage of me, betrayed me, and my body and mind were shattered.
It was a woman who supported him.
The meeting with her led him to the right path.
The boy decided to wash his feet of bad things and move on to a new town and start his life again.
--I have a family.
I had no doubt that I would be happy with my beloved wife after having a son.
But... women die of illness.
There was no time for despair.
He worked hard to raise the children left behind.
However, I was so desperate to work that I didn't realize that my relationship with my child was getting estranged.
When I opened my mouth, I was always fighting.
The days of passing each other continued.
and the grown-up child set foot on the path of evil as if he were pointing at himself...
I thought it was a punishment.
I think that's exactly what I've done to my father.
Now I curse myself when I was immature.
He thought of a way to stop his son and stared at his hand.
If you open your hand, you may be able to admonish your son with the kindness of stroking his head and hugging him.
If he clenched his hand, it would be a fist, and he might be able to admonish his son with severity.
Which should I choose as a father?
he clenched his fists.
The fist that hit my son was hot, and my chest ached like a tightening... with deep wrinkles between my eyebrows.
But the son wept, holding his red and swollen cheeks.
I was loved for scolding me properly...
He wept at the words.
Why didn't I realize what my son noticed then?
His father's face after hitting him was not anger, but sorrow.
He took his son back to the town where he was born after 20 years.
The townscape hasn't changed much since I started running out.
And it's still the same small birthplace.
But his father, who lived alone in the house, looked a little smaller than he had remembered, perhaps because he was old.
He bit his lips in front of his father and shed tears.
His father patted him on the shoulder in silence and muttered a word.
Mad's son's movie was a very old type of human drama.
I don't know if this is interesting.
If his emotional function had been normal, he might have been able to judge.
But Mad stared at the screen.
I watched the movie in silence all the time.
The staff role ends and the screen turns black.
I think it's over.
Shiona looked at me once, and then extended her finger to the stop button of the projector.
Just as my thin fingertips tried to touch the button, I grabbed Shiona's hand.
"...? Ray?"
Shiona looks at me mysteriously, but I was staring at the screen.
It was a black screen.Because letters slowly emerged in the center.
The characters were clearly written, probably by hand, with "feelings."
"I dedicate this movie to my father."
The letters slowly melted into the darkening screen and disappeared.
This time, the movie will end quietly.
There was silence all around.
When I turned it off, Mad just stared at the place where the screen was.
"Mr. Mad... the movie is over now, isn't it?"
My words bring back a sigh.
"...it's a boring movie."
muttered he, in such a small voice as Mr. Mad had never thought of before.
"It's so boring that I'm tired of holding back my shortness."
I wiped away the tears that had accumulated due to the lack of stretching, stood up from my chair, and took out a tip from the projector.
Then, with a firm grip on the palm of his hand, he sat down again in his chair.
"...go home at once,"
He said so in a low intonation voice, and closed his eyes as if he were thinking about something.
Perhaps your son's thoughts were not conveyed in this movie?
I wonder if it was a movie that didn't matter to Mad...
Then what I have done????
My heart aches and I rush to say something to Mad.
But Ziona pulled my clothes lightly and blocked them.
"Ray, that's all right."
Shiona smiles with her eyebrows down.
"Mad, I'm just not used to being honest.I'll leave you alone now, won't I?"
Can't you be honest...?
In other words, do you mean the opposite of everything Mad said earlier?
"Mr. Mad, it's very dry now.It's full of beautiful light blue.It's all thanks to Ray."
"I see... if so..."
feel warmth deep in one's heart
I know this feeling.
It's a feeling of "joy."
I am glad that Mad was pleased.
I'm so glad I've been able to help you.
We slipped out of the shop so as not to disturb Mad.
I left the projector on so that I could watch a movie again and watch it whenever I wanted.
When I went out of the shop, I saw a faint orange light across the sky.
It was a color as if it were a copy of my feelings.
"I'm so glad Mr. Mad liked it."
"Yes, sir,"
But there was something sad about his smile.
"What? What?"
"You look kind of sad,"
"Really? That's not the case.Mr. Mad is very pleased, and I am very much in love with him."
"Really? I hope so,"
"Hey, Ray. Shall we have dinner today?"
"Dinner? Why?"
"It's Ray's anniversary to please Mr. Mad."
"Anniversary... Yes, it's an anniversary."
"Let's make orange soup and warm it up today."
"Yes, sir.I'll help you cook, too."
"Thank you. I'm so happy, Ray."
Shiona's hand touches mine.
We held hands in spite of ourselves.
The warmth that comes from the hands that you hold together.
The orange sky was soon engulfed in the darkness of the creeping night.
The next day, we decided to sing in the square as promised to help fix the projector.
I visited Mad's shop because I wanted Mad to listen to it with me.
But the door remained closed.
It's usually time to open, but a sign saying "CLOSE" is hanging.
The door of the shop is also locked, so you can't go in.
I peeked through a gap in the door.
a projector left on the counter.
There is nothing different from yesterday.
The chair on which Mr. Mad sat coincided with the shelf and could not be seen.
"What's the matter, Mad? Are you sick, by any chance?"
"...this is what happened after all."
"What do you mean by this?"
I tilt my head to Ziona, who says as if I knew the shop would be closed.
"From the middle of yesterday's movie, Mr. Mad's red mussel disappeared."
"It's bright red... musk moth?"
"Yes, I don't think I need to put up with it anymore.I've never seen such a gentle Mad before."
Shiona smiles troubledly.
"Mr. Mad, have you been putting up with anything?"
"Yes, I've always wanted to make up with your son.I wanted to fly to your son.But Mad is always red and prickly, isn't he?That's why I didn't have a chance."
"Then, by any chance, yesterday's movie..."
"Yes, Ray showed Mad his son's movie, so he was able to be honest."
"...mad, by any chance, to see your son?"
"Yes, I think he left town."
Shiona smiles.That smile really makes me realize that I really helped Mad.
My heart suddenly warmed up and it became a word.
"Wow! That's amazing, Siona! It's the same as that movie!It's not my son, it's my father, but it's almost the same as the movie!"
"Yes, that's true. It's a great thing.But there's only one problem."
"Is that a problem?"
When Shiona's expression is clouded, she exhales a little.
What's the trouble with Mad and his son making up?
"I don't think Mr. Mad will come back for a while, so I can't get the ingredients for the orange fluffy soup anymore."
said Ziona, with a serious face.
"That's... that's a problem,"
"Yes, it's a problem, isn't it?"But if you save on the ingredients you have now, you'll be fine for a while."
Shiona smiles with a smile, breaking her tight mouth.
When I saw her like that, I felt her cheeks move naturally.
Warm things well up from the back of my heart.
I don't know what to call this feeling, but I feel very satisfied.
"Mad, I hope you come home soon.I'd love to hear from you.Maybe your son will come with you.It would be even better if it were."
"Yes, that's right. I hope that happens."
Little by little, I'm learning how to feel.That's what I realized.
You can get close to your ideal image.
I want to be more helpful to others.
I want to learn more and more emotions.
That thought was the main driving force behind me.
"Let's go, Ray. It's getting late."
"That's right.Let's hurry. How many people can smile today?"
"I'm sure it's enough.More than yesterday."
"It's because Shiona's singing voice is pretty."
"No, it's because Ray plays."
"When it comes to playing, I'm just turning the steering wheel."
"That's what matters.When the person who spins the music is kind, the music spreads smoothly and dustily."
Shiona smiles as she spreads out her hands gently.
"If it were just my song, no one would stop.My song needs Ray's performance.Thank you, Ray."
My face burns up.
"Why is that? Shiona, your face is so hot."
"Really. You're turning red.I'm sure you'really
"Shame on you? Is this your feeling of shyness?"
"Yes, Ray is an unexpectedly shy man.It's cute."
When I heard Shiona's words, my face got hotter and hotter.
After leaving Mad's shop, we were visiting the square.
Many people had already gathered there before we arrived.
"I've been waiting for you two, take care of me again today!"
"My child has been saying 'I like listening to music' since yesterday.I beg of you."
"I'm healed by your songs.Thank you very much."
"Brother, sister, sing again."
Everyone I met was waiting for our melody.
And everyone was smiling.
That's it.
What I was looking for.
To be pleased and appreciated by others.
I was looking for this.
What a good feeling it feels!
How warm my heart is!
I've always wanted to experience this feeling.
"Siona, let's get started.Let's make everyone smile."
"Yes, of course,"
I turned the handle of the music box the same way I did yesterday.
overflowing melody
Shiona spins the melody to the sound.
And the melody broadens the circle of smiles.
Smiles spread all over the town.
Above all, I was happy about it.
And the profile of Ziona singing happily was my joy.
The townspeople listened with the same smiles as yesterday.
The circle of smiles is widening.
Suddenly -- I felt a slight discomfort in my hand turning the handle of the music box.
A gloved right hand to hide the machine's hand.
I feel a slight creak in the hand that turns the steering wheel.
"Well, how was that machine the day before yesterday?"
While I was cleaning up the performance, I was approached and looked up.
There was the curator and the townspeople who provided the parts.
"I was able to play it and Mad liked it.It's all thanks to you."
"Well, that's good.It was worth talking to everyone."
"It's all thanks to you, thank you very much."
"No, it's all right... but it's all your power that happened."
"Oh, yes. Because of your actions, someone came out to help me like this."
"But that's because you're kind.My actions are just an opportunity."
"Of course there is.But you don't know until you act, and it doesn't change.It's not who's the greatest or who's the greatest.The first person to act is worth it."
The curator and all the other people who helped me smiled warmly.
"If anything happens again, don't hesitate to tell me.I'll do my best to help you."
When the curators said so, they scattered and left.
I thought as I saw him off.
"Hey, Ziona,"
"What's the matter, Ray?"
"As expected, I want more people to like me."
"It's really wonderful that people like it."
"Yes, sir.But it's wonderful to think that way, Ray."
I was a little happy to be praised by Shiona.
I can see that the back of my chest gradually warms up.
"That's why I want to help a lot of people.I want to meet more people and help them solve their problems and problems."
"If Ray wants to do that, I think he can do it."
"Then, Siona, let's go find it!Let's go help people in need in this town!"
"...wait a minute,"
"Well, Ray, I don't think so,"
I was sure that Ziona would agree.
But she shook her head with troubled eyes.
"It's certainly great to help people, but I don't think it's right to impose it on them."
"Push...? I don't mean anything like that?"
"Of course I know how Ray feels.But people have barriers and problems that they have to overcome themselves.If you help them all, they won't be able to grow up.Of course, it's important to help them, but first of all, you need help when you really work hard and still can't handle it yourself.So Ray, I'll help you when someone asks you for help.It's not too late to help."
I understood what Shiona was saying.
I was able to understand.
But I feel something stuck in my chest.
Why should we leave the desire to help others as they are?
Why can't I help others myself?
Why, why, why...
So I stopped thinking.
She seemed sad, perhaps because of Shiona's smile.
A few days later.
I felt uncomfortable again.
This is the discomfort I felt when I was spinning the music box.
an indescribably small sense.
But it's certainly hitting my right hand.
The discomfort was gradually growing.
After returning to Shiona's house, he tries to move his fingertips one by one in his room.
Then, when every finger reached a certain depth in the same way, it did not bend any further.
I can't grasp things with this.
This is a problem that hinders daily life.
No matter how many times I try, the problem won't be fixed.
It may be necessary to repair it fundamentally enough to take it apart once.
I have an idea that this is not working.
I was looking for that projector.
I've lost a lot of money in that garbage dump.
I felt uncomfortable when I was moving heavy things.
Let's go to that abandoned factory later today.
Then, let's go find tools for repair.
"Ray, it's time to eat."
Shiona suddenly enters the room.
I hurriedly put on my gloves and hid my bare right hand.
"What's wrong with you? You're in such a hurry."
"Nothing.I was just surprised because I was absent-minded."
"Did I surprise you? I'm sorry about that.I'm going to knock now."
"Yes, thank you.I'd appreciate it if you could do so."
"Yes, I understand.So the rice is ready. Do you want to eat now?"
look at one's watch
I found that the hands of the clock had already gone round the top.
"It was already this late..."
"It's always cloudy out there.You lose your sense of time, don't you?"
"Yes, I'll be there in a minute.Will you wait for me?"
"Yes, I understand.I'll be waiting for you in the kitchen, Ray."
Siona left with a smile.
I take off my gloves again and check my right hand.
...I have to try not to let Ziona find out.
Even if you go to an abandoned factory, it's only after you eat.
I made up my mind to head to the kitchen.
The kitchen was lined with homemade dishes.
"Ray, take a chair. I'll have it."
Shiona folded her hands in front of her face.
I'll join hands in the same way.
"Our Father in heaven, may all be considered holy, may the Three Kingdoms come, may your heart be done in heaven, and may the earth as well.Please give us our daily food again today.Please forgive us for our sins.We forgive people, too.Please save us from evil, that we may not be tempted."
These words that Shiona taught me.
Before I knew it, I began to pray in the same way.
That's how much I've spent with Shiona.
The thought naturally warmed my heart.
"Huh? Nothing special,"
"Is that so? You look happy.It's orange fluffy."
"A happy face?"I...?"
"Yes, very much.Ray, you've been making that expression lately.I'm kind of happy, too."
`Do you mean 'laughing' by any chance?'
"Yes, sir.I didn't laugh at all at first, but I've been laughing a lot lately.I'm glad to hear that."
"I... are you laughing..."
I remember the first day I woke up.
That day, I saw my face expressionless.
From that day on, I kept wishing.
I want emotions.
Before I knew it, I seemed to be starting to get what I wanted.
I felt relieved in my heart that it was good.
Now I can stay with Ziona forever.
I looked down at my right hand.
I can't use the spoon properly with this slow, weak hand.
I had no choice but to take it to my left hand and scoop up the soup.
Eating with an unfamiliar left hand can be extremely difficult.
"What's wrong with Ray...?Oh, is Ray left-handed?"
"No... I'm right-handed, but my right hand hurts today."
"Does it hurt? Oh, no! I have to call a doctor... oh, but I'm not in this town, so I have to call him from a distant town..."
"No, it's all right.If you leave it alone, it will heal."
It's not good... It's not good.
If the doctor sees me, I'll find out who I am.
That's all we have to avoid.
I want to stay here forever.
"I'm sure it's because I went crazy the other day.I worked so hard in the rain..."
"...yes, I think it's probably because of that."
"Look, I won't stop when I say it.I'm worried about Ray's health."
"Yes, thank you.But I'm glad Mad liked it because of his hard work."
"Yes, that's right, but it's not impossible
Shiona looks at me anxiously.
Let's stop making her look like this.
When I see Shiona other than her smile, my heart turns blue.
"Come to think of it, Mr. Mad is back.Haven't you heard from me since then?"
"Not yet, because your son lives a little far away.I'm sure we haven't arrived yet."
"I see. I hope to hear from you soon."
"Yes, sir,"
After that, Shiona never asked me about my right hand.
With my unfamiliar left hand, I finish my meal early.
Then he returned to his room and began to get dressed.
Stuff the tools into the bag.
I'll probably have to take my own arm apart.
You need to solve it by yourself.
You can't rely on anyone.
That's why we made careful preparations.
As I concentrate on my preparations, I hear a knock on the door of my room.
Soon after, Shiona came into the room.
"Ray, if you don't mind, go shopping... Are you going somewhere?"
asked Ziona, looking alternately at my bag and me.
"Yes, there's something I'm looking for."
"Where are you going? Is it close? Is it far? When will you come back?"
"I'll go to the abandoned factory.I'm thinking of going home as soon as possible."
"Discontinued factory? What are you going to do?"
"Well... Actually, the director of the photo shop asked me for parts, so I'm going to look for them."
It was a lie.
It's a childish lie, but Ziona smiles.
"Well... I see.Be really careful, don't you think?"You're already feeling sick with your right hand, aren't you?"
"Yes, thank you.I'll try to get home as soon as possible."
I was seen off by Ziona and left the church.
The destination is an abandoned factory.
But there was a place I had to stop before that.
It is necessary to match the mouths of lies that have been thrown up in an instantaneously.
If Shiona should meet the director and tell him about me, he would find out the lie.
If that happens, it will hurt Ziona.
I don't want to hurt Ziona.
That's why my feet were visiting the photo shop.
"Oh, that's a rare customer,"
When I opened the door, the curator, who was polishing the camera, greeted me.
"I'm sorry, but I'm interrupting you all of a sudden."
"No, it's all right... I was just going home."
"Home... at church?What did you want?"
"Oh, wait a minute,"
The curator retreated to the back.
While I was waiting, I decided to look around at the pictures on display.
There are various photographs, from old photographs to recent photographs.
The ages, places, and people taken were different.
But there was only one thing in common.
That means everyone has the same smile.
I couldn't help but envy the people in the picture with that smile.
"Hi, I'm sorry to have kept you waiting.Here it is."
The curator handed me a picture.
Among them are smiling Shiona and expressionless me.
"It's a picture I took before.It took a long time to develop.I'm sorry I'm late."
"That's not the case.Thank you very much.But I don't have any money..."
"It's okay. I'm late and I wanted to take it.I'll make it a service."
"Thank you very much.I'll give it to Ziona."
"By all means.Even so, you and Ziona's brother are very much alike when you look at them like this."
"Do you know about Shiona's brother?"
"Yes, of course.Have you ever seen a picture of Siona and your brother side by side?"
"Yes, I do.It's a picture of you holding a music box."
"Oh, that's it.Actually, I took that picture."
"I see...When did you start your journey?"
"I guess it was right after I took that picture.I'm going to spread the music all over the world.That's already sad for Shiona is sad.I always smile like that, but I cried all the time then."
"That Ziona?"I can't believe it..."
"...but I've been laughing a lot lately.As much as when you were there...No, it might be more than that."
"Is that so?I'm sure they've been laughing.
"I'm sure it's because you're here,"
"I think it's because you look like me, but I don't think that's all."
"But I haven't done anything for Ziona,"
"It's not just about doing something to make you smile.You can make them smile by just being close to you."
"I'm by your side...Then I'm more confident than anyone else that I'll be by her side."
"I can see it from my eyes.Siona seems to be smiling from the bottom of her heart when she's with you."
The words warmed my heart.
I'm leading to Shiona's smile.
With my presence, Ziona --"
"It's strange for me to ask, but will you stay close to Ziona?"
"Of course.I'll always be by her side and keep smiling.That's my best wish."
"Mom, it's like a proposal.It's a pity that Ziona isn't here."
"Professional... pose...?
When I heard those words, I felt my face get hot.
I know the meaning of words.
This is a pledge that men and women will spend their lives together.
I wonder if what I just said was the same.
When I think about it, my face gets hotter.
I turn my back on the curator so that I don't notice his agitation.
"Well, then, I have a place to go."
"I see. Don't lose that picture."
"Yes, thank you very much."
When I thanked him over my back, I left the photo shop.
the road to an abandoned factory
They rushed through the dark red earth.
A bag full of tools is a burden.
I heard tools rubbing against each other in a bag over my shoulder.
It's windy. It's about to rain.
If you go to repair and there are more malfunctions, you'll put the cart before the horse.
Before it rained, I decided to hurry to the abandoned factory.
On the way.
In the distance, I found something that shakes white.
But the place was so far away that there was no way to ascertain what the object was.
It was not yet known how big it was, but the white object seemed to be slowly approaching us.
I try to confirm with my eyes fixed.
Then there was a gust of wind.
I can't help but close my eyes.
When I opened my eyes again, the white object had disappeared from my view.
What the hell was that...?
I stood there for a while.
But I can't stay like this.
Clouds are getting more and more suspicious.
I have to go to the abandoned factory as soon as soon as possible
It was dark clouds that were about to rain when I arrived at the abandoned factory.
The interior is still dusty and filled with the smell of oxidized oil.
At once I found a workbench nearby, and decided to take off my right glove.
I'm used to exposed parts.
First, open and close your fingers slowly.
The trouble had not been fixed, and the movement stopped halfway.
What is the cause?
Take the light out of your bag and shine light on your arm and look into it.
It doesn't seem to mean something foreign is stuck in it.
If so, it would be a problem with the parts themselves.
Remove the tool and start dismantling the right hand.
I felt creepy about taking my hands apart.
I'm destroying myself now.
If I were to take all this apart, would I be broken?
Is that my 'death'?
I wonder how it really feels.
I wonder where this consciousness will disappear when I die.
And if it were reassembled, would this consciousness return?
Can it be said that it is alive?
While I was thinking about it in a corner of my head, I came to the cause of the breakdown.
The piston rod of the cylinder that distributes oil to the fingers was bent and the oil oozed out.
These are the parts that I removed when I fixed Shiona's music box.
At that time, the oil in the cylinder was used to fit the gears of the music box.
It was a small amount of oil, but it must have been necessary for the artificial finger part that repeatedly operated meticulously.
Do you mean that even small cracks can cause serious damage?
However, if the rod is bent this far, the oil leakage may recur even if it is repaired halfway.
The surest thing is to replace this part with a completely new one.
I stood up and searched the area.
A part of a fabricated philloid that rolls on the floor.
Here in the Philoid factory, parts must be rolling according to your mold.
With my right arm disassembled, I searched the factory.
There were many arms, legs and body parts in the factory.
The head parts are so elaborate that you can think of them as real for a moment if you're not careful.
From there, they look for something that suits me.
Looking at the exposed right arm, I confirm the model number of the parts I need.
It seems to be the model number of the parts that need it.
I look for the same model number in the parts of my rolling arm.
I wonder if they are using something very rare.
When I looked up the parts that were rolling in the factory, there was no one with the same model number.
The rotting condition of this factory is much better than that of where I woke up.
It turns out to be a facility that was abandoned a long time ago.
Then, it is understandable that there are no parts with the same model number due to different manufacturing ages.
While searching for parts in a hurry, I discovered something marked "AR115".
It looks very close to the part embedded in my arm.
However, the piston rod and shaft part are a little longer.
With this, I think I can change it with just a little processing.
Place the arm with AR115 on the workbench and dismantle it.
When I successfully pulled out the parts, I compared them to the parts that were originally embedded in me -- HR114.
Apparently, an output terminal that did not exist in HR114 has been added to AR115 .
There are no other changes.
I'll try to attach the part to my arm right away.
Unlike when dismantling, the installation work was a little difficult.
Installation ends somehow even though screws are removed many times.
When I moved my fingers, they could open and close as before.
However, every time the machines rub against each other, discord echoes around.
Apparently, the lubricating oil has run out.
I went to the back of the factory for oil.
When the smell of oxidized oil grew stronger, it reached a dark drum.
When I opened it, all of them were oxidized and could not be used.
But at the very back, I found a relatively new drum.
When I opened it, I found a small amount of oil, but less oxidized.
Remove oil from an oil storage tank installed inside the arm.
Then he put the tank back where it was.
After a while, the oil is automatically extracted and the mechanical parts slide well.
When I moved it, I was able to open and close my fingers without discord.
I was able to fix it.
When I saw my fingertips moving smoothly, I felt like my chest was clearing up.
When I put my gloves back on, I put the tool back in my bag and left the factory.
It was very windy outside.
I hope it doesn't rain...
I'm going back to town.
on the way.
A white object was lying on the ground.
It flutters as if it were being played with by a gust of wind.
After looking at it for a while, I realized that it was a cloak.
With a few flutters, I could see what was inside.
It was in the shape of a person.
I hurriedly approached it, kneeled on one knee, and gently rolled up my cloak.
There was a young man seriously injured.
The blood flowing from the wounded arm -- it was immediately recognized as ningen.
"Oh, are you all right!"
"Well... well..."
The young man groaned in response to my voice.
His body is painfully injured and he doesn't seem to be in a good position to stand up.
The young man's feet were scarred as if he had crawled.
Blood was attached to the mark, indicating its severity.
--I must help you.
A sense of mission seeps throughout the body.
"Stay strong, all right!"
He threw his bag over his shoulder onto the ground and lifted the young man up.
The young man groaned even more bitterly, perhaps because he shook his body.
and reached out for something.
I immediately put out my open right hand.
I got the hand of the machine over my gloves.
he said, biting his navel in his heart.
but the strength of his hand was so weak that he could not shake it off.
The young man slowly opened his eyes and looked at me.
"Oh... oh, you..."
"Well, are you all right? There's a town nearby.I'll carry it right away."
"Well... well..."
muttered my words with vacant eyes.
Then trace the gloves with your weak fingers to make sure you hold them.
I'm sure you'll find out.
You'll notice through your gloves a different, hard feeling of ningen.
But I don't mind.
I'm not in a situation where I can be bothered about that.
"... well, in the town of... you... well, so..."
"Well... hey... I'm done..."
The young man repeats "machi" like a spell.
The words are weak and ready to disappear.
I decided to take the young man home.
Maybe I can help this person now.
Cross your shoulders and drag the young man along.
His steps were heavy, and it took him a long time to go ten meters.
But I wanted to help this person... I wanted to save him.
"Since when have you... been waiting for...?"
The man who was about to faint asked me.
"It's only a week or so,"
"Well... or...I see... Uh... I see."
Over my shoulder, I could feel the young man weakening.
If you don't stay conscious, you may not come back like this.
"Keep your head together, we'll be in town soon.It's not that big, but everyone in the town is warm."
I speak desperately to the young man.
If you can talk about anything that interests you even a little, you won't be distracted.
"There is no doctor, but I have a book, so I'm sure I know how to treat my injury."
"...what...?"
"Yes! Everything is there.I'm sure I can look into anything.So please stay strong."
"...what...what...but...?"
"Yes! I'm sure!"
The young man took a long breath and muttered softly.
"...throw it away..."
I didn't understand what he said.
I can't help but stop.
"...throw me away like this..."
"Oh, there's no way I can do that!"
"I... was attacked by Ningen..."
"To Ningen..."
"I was just... traveling in search of ideals... but ideals are... values..."
The young man took a long breath again.
"Different values...Ningen... confronts, antagonizes, fights... forever... he becomes violent..."
"No, that's not the case, Ningen is warm, and we can share and support each other."
"Oh, that's just the ideal..."
The young man lost his strength as if he had exhaled all his breaths.
"... you know, please stay strong!"Please stay strong!"
Are you just unconscious, or...
Bad thoughts flashed around in my head.
When I clenched my teeth, I looked straight ahead and started walking towards town.
To help this person as soon as possible.
Before I knew it, it began to rain and hit us hard on the back.
Rainwater enters the gloves, but this is no time to worry about them.
I carried the young man madly into church.
"Ray, why... oh, what about him?"
Shiona greeted me with a flustered manner.
"He was lying on the way! He's seriously injured!"
"All right. Carry me back."
led by Shiona, I carry the young man to a room with a bed.
If you lay it on a white sheet, the rainwater and blood on your body will spread into red spots.
There is no sign of the young man returning to consciousness.
"Ray, I brought you some water."
He put the cup given by Shiona to the young man's mouth.
Pour a little water in.
The young man's throat throbbed.
Still, I can't get back to consciousness.
His face turned pale compared to when he met him.
"Siona, I'm going to the library! I'm sure there's a medical book!"
She was about to say something and bit her lips.
I was curious about the situation, but now I think it's a matter of course.
I ran out of the room looking down at Shiona.
and ran to the library in spite of the rain.
"Ray, what's wrong? It's wet a lot."
Perhaps surprised by me running in, Tipy stared at me with wide eyes.
I asked, regardless of the unruly breath.
"Tipy... is there a medical book here?"
"Yes, yes, I do,"
"Please, will you show me around at once?"
"...all right,"
He must have guessed something.
Tippie showed me to the place at once.
"Is anyone sick?"
On the way, Tipy asks, looking forward.
"Yes... I'm hurt."
"Ray? Shiona?"Or..."
"No, Tippie doesn't know.So you don't have to look so sad."
"Because... because... because..."
A large tear runs down his cheek.
That young man is a stranger to Tipy.
But even so...
What a kind girl Tippie is to be able to shed tears for that person!
"It's all right... it's all right."
He lifted the tipy and gently wrapped it in his hands.
Hot tears came through my clothes.
I can see that the back of my chest is small and painful.
Holding back the pain, I searched for a medical book.
However, no matter how many books we have, we are just amateurs.
I don't even know what kind of symptoms, what kind of treatment I should take, and which book is correct.
I took all the books from the library as far as I could carry.
I went back to church without worrying about the book getting wet.
When I opened the door, the melody played from there.
It's a melody sung by Shiona.
I could recognize this place as a sacred place just by its singing voice.
"How are you, Shiona?"
"No... I haven't woken up for a long time.I did what I could..."
run to a young man
The bandage was probably wrapped in Ziona's treatment.
But the young man's face was paler than before.
tear open a medical book
Turn the page and see if there's anything you can do.
But we were too reckless.
No matter how good a medical book is, it's just a bunch of paper after all.
We couldn't have saved someone in medicine without technology from the beginning.
We were too helpless and too small.
Shiona starts singing quietly.
Unlike usual, it is a quiet melody like a soul song.
"... well... this song..."
The young man opened his eyes to Shiona's song.
But the point of view is empty and almost gone.
"Do you know this song?"
"Oh, it's a nostalgic song... I used to sing..."
The young man's eyes traced the ceiling and turned to me and Ziona.
The young man immediately changes into a soft look.
"...oh, here it was... here's the world I've been looking for..."
"What do you mean?"The world I was looking for..."
Is the young man deaf anymore?He won't answer my question.
I will continue to speak unilaterally.
"...the path of coexistence...the world of harmony..."
The young man said so and closed his eyes quietly.
And then there was no twitching.
I remembered the feeling of something falling from the back of my chest.
"Why can't I open my eyes, Siona?"Are you asleep?"
"The strength I had just gained is getting weaker and weaker..."
"Why, I wonder... I wonder if I'm tired..."
An indescribable sense of loss hung heavy on my chest like a dark cloud.
The pain runs as if it had been raked around the back of my chest.
Shiona hugged me from my back.
The warmth calmed me down a little.
Naturally, I put my hands on Shiona's hand, which was put around my chest.
"Siona... me, me..."
"Ray... I'll have a funeral for you."
"Funeral...?
"It's like a ritual when a person dies."
"When a man dies..."
That's what I recognize.
Oh, this man is dead.
"That's the only way we can mourn the dead."
I'm stuck listening to Shiona's words.
I couldn't handle the existence of death well in my head.
"Well, I'm ready. Can you help me?"
I could only nod briefly.
We begin to prepare for the funeral.
To mourn the young man who doesn't even know his name.
There was one thing that bothered me as I was preparing for the ceremony.
I had left Tippie in the library, who had shed so much tears.
Is Tipy still in tears?
In that dark library.Alone.
"Ray, what's the matter?"
While decorating the altar, Ziona talks to me, whose hands were stopped.
"Yes... there's something I'm a little curious about."
"What are you curious about? What's wrong with him?"
"No, it's not that... it's about Tipy."
"Tipy-chan?What's wrong with you?"
"I told Tippie everything about him when I went to get his medical book.Then I cried, Tippie... terrible thing, I left Tippie in the library."
"It's blue, and it's just like that,"
"Yes, I am.That's why I thought you were still crying..."
"...yes, maybe.I'm sure you're crying in the back of the library."
I could easily imagine that figure.
When I think about it, I can't stand it.
"Shiona, can I go and see how Tipy is?"
Shiona smiled a little sadly.
"I have a little more preparation for the funeral.So I hope you will come back soon."
"Yes, I know.I'll be right back."
"...okay.Have a nice trip."
Siona smiled sadly at me.
I finished decorating the altar and headed for the library.
Take the medical book you borrowed.
I walked along the townscape with an umbrella under it.
There was something unusual about the town.
I feel like I've lost something important...
I ran through the town of loss and hurried to the library.
The library is surrounded by silence as if it were blocking the sound of rain.
--no, only one.
Except for the blue girl's sobbing from the back.
I started on the girl's cry.
The girl was in her usual place.
The girl was shedding tears while drawing as usual.
"Ray... Ray..."
When Tippie recognizes me, she reaches out her little hand.
I hugged the little body as if to answer.
As soon as I hugged him, his sobbing voice grew a little louder.
"Ray... what happened to her?"
I was suffocated by the remark.
"Hey, Ray... Ray..."
"She... you know..."Hey...
Silence had become the answer.
Tippie seemed to have realized everything, but she began to cry loudly without feeling sad.
I shed a lot of tears for that young man I've never met before.
Oh, I wonder why.
What is this pain in my chest?
The back of my chest is stirred up.
It sometimes hurt my chest with pain.
I'm sure it's from the open wound on my chest.
It spills out of my eyes with fever.
I found myself crying.
I was in tears at the death of an unknown young man.
Oh, I see.
This is "Sadness."
It's a blue feeling.
It's the feeling Tippie always has in her heart.
It's such a hard, hard thing.
tears streaming down one's cheeks.
I don't know how to stop it.
--no, no.
I didn't want to stop.
I wanted to keep pouring the hot drops.
I'm sure these drops are an act of healing grief.
We keep our hearts by shedding our sorrows deep in our hearts.
When I thought about it, I felt that the weight in my chest had eased a little.
At the same time, I felt that the amount of tears overflowed increased.
I cried.
We cried.
We wept and hugged each other.
Crying, crying, crying...
Tears will never dry up.
Tears kept pouring out so that sadness wouldn't wither.
"Tippie, there's going to be a funeral soon."
"...is that so?"What...that?"
"It's a ceremony to say goodbye to a dead person.Now Ziona is getting ready for me."
"Goodbye...? Goodbye...?
"I can't see you anymore,"
"I can't see you anymore... no!"
Tippie clings to me.
His arms trembled slightly.
"I understand, Tippie, how you feel.But I think it's because I'm sad that I have to say goodbye properly."
"I can't see you anymore, so let's say goodbye and see you off.Otherwise, I'm sure you'll be lonely and sad..."
"I miss you... I miss you..."
"Yes, I'm sure so.That's why I'm sending you out.Can you do it so that you don't feel lonely and sad?"
Tippie slowly pulled away from me.
He looked up at me with a teary face.
"...you can do it.Tipy, you can do it."
"I see. That's great, Tippie."
He stroked his head and looked a little happy.
But those tears will never stop.
"Then shall we go... stand up?"
"Yes......wait a minute."
Tippie stood up and picked up a stuffed bear.
The same stuffed animal is still in her arms.
We went to church hand in hand in the rain.
"Father, a benevolent God, I trust in your only child that you have been sent into the hands of you a young man who has finished his journey in the hope of eternal life."
"Take away all the burdens of these brothers and sisters who are leaving us, lead them to heavenly dwellings, and add them to the meeting of saints."
"May we, in the sorrow of parting, be able to share eternal joy with the child who has been summoned to you, supported by the promised hope of resurrection."
The church, where Shiona's voice echoed, was overflowing with participants.
No one should have seen the young man.
No one should know that young man.
Nevertheless, all the people gathered here mourned the death of the young man.
I thought this was the feeling of caring for people and the connection between people.
Everyone folded their hands in front of their chests and closed their eyes quietly.
Both I and Tipy follow suit.
Shiona's voice echoes softly through the church.
It sounded like a song she dedicated to a young man...
After the funeral, the young man is buried in a cemetery behind the church.
At the last farewell, the whole town approaches the coffin one by one and says goodbye.
Have a good next life.
Let's meet again sometime...
May eternal rest...
I'll tell you what I want.
"Come on, Tippie,"
It's our turn to approach the coffin.
Tippie stared at the young man's coffin.
The tears he had shed just before the funeral were gone, but he looked at the young man expressionless.
It's as if you've lost your feelings.
Just in silence.
He stared fixedly at the coffin.
Feeling uneasy, I tried to talk to Tipy.
But in that instant, she opens her mouth.
muttered he in a low voice.
Several hours passed since then.
Rarely did light enter through the cracks in the rain clouds.
It is rare for sunlight to shine through the gray sky.
But I wasn't fascinated by the beautiful scenery.
I was worried about Tippi's expression during the funeral.
The expression on his face was too empty to be called that sadness.
I don't know what that means.
Nevertheless, there is only one thing I think about.
I want to be by your side.
I want to stay with Tipy and talk to her.
And I want to heal that sadness.
That feeling grows in me.
When I try to open the door, Shiona stops me.
"Yes, I'm thinking of going to Tipy,"
"Tipy looked very sad at the funeral, so I was worried."
"Well... but I'm worried about Ray."
"Yes, because Ray looks very sad."
"You look sad..."
Touch your face with your hand.
"You don't know, do you?Come here, come here."
I was led to the living room by the hand, and stood in front of the mirror.
"You look sad, don't you?"
My face in the mirror was... blue.
I understand the meaning of Shiona's always saying "blue" about Tipy.
Now I look the same as Tipy.
His mind is still, but his body is weak, and his expression is as deep as gravity.
"...yes, I've never seen a face like this before."
This is... sadness.
Even if you don't shed tears, your expression becomes so "blue" when you're caught up in this feeling.
"A man has died.It's only natural that you look like that."
This feeling... I wonder how it's necessary to live...
It's bitter... it's spicy... it's heavy, it hurts, it's cold...
Look at Shiona's expression through the mirror.
But there was something sad and fleeting on his face.
I'm sure you're smiling bravely.
The mere thought of it made my heart ache.
"Tippie is important, too.But I want you to take good care of yourself first."
"I... take good care of me?"
"Yes, sir.Ray takes good care of himself."
"I've never thought about taking care of myself."
"Ray, you're nice.That's why I'm sure you put others before yourself."
"But that's what I want to do,"
"I'm a little sad about that.I don't want Ray to push himself too hard."
"I'm not pushing myself too hard,"
"Is that so? I don't think so."
Shiona's arm gets entangled in my arm.
"...I'm worried,"
I felt my heart rate go up.
I don't know what it is.
But it certainly shook my feelings.
I felt tenderness in the warmth.
...no, it's more than kindness...I feel something else warm that touches my skin.
"Why don't you have some tea, Ray?"
"...tea? Why?"
"When I drink something warm and fluffy, I feel warm.It's very comfortable to relax both mentally and physically."
"But Tipy..."
"Tipy, I'm sure you're upset about someone's death, but I'm sure you'll get over it.I'll leave you alone for that purpose.It's very important to be alone."
"Is that so?"
"Yes, I'm sure so, because if you don't, you won't be strong."
"People can overcome barriers and sorrows and be strong.But it's hard to grow up if you get help from someone every time.Shall we leave him alone to-day so that he can grow up?"
Tippi is a weak being.
I'm always crying.
But if it's an opportunity to grow...
I'll accept it.
"Shiona, can you make me some tea?"
"Certainly. Will you sit down and wait for me?"
I sat on the sofa waiting for Siona's tea.
After waiting for a while, the room was filled with a sweet smell.
"Thank you for your patience.It's a special soft tea.Have some."
The teacups offered were filled with orange drinks.
It smells slightly sour and slightly sweet.
"Like this. It's been a long time since I talked to Ray slowly."
"Yes, sir.There were a lot of things going on..."
"Ray, how do you remember?"
"No, I don't think I'll be back yet."
"Well... but there's nothing to be impatient about.You may suddenly remember something."
"Yes, thank you... but I'm sorry."
"I'm sorry? What?"
"I live here, but I don't think I can repay Ziona for anything."
"That's not the case.I'm happy just to have Ray by my side."
"But that's not a return at all,"
"That's not all.He fixed the music box for me... so I learned to sing."
"Siona has been singing for a long time,"
"But with or without a melody, it's very melodic melody.You know, we played together in the square, right?Actually, I used to sing there many times."
"That place... alone?"
"Yes, but no one listened to me then."
"That's such a wonderful singing voice.That's amazing."
"Huh, thank you, but that's it.So I was very happy when Ray brought me the music box."
"Well... I was just spinning the music box."
"I'm glad to hear that.I'm more than happy that you're next to me."
"So am I.I'm happy to be with Ziona."
"...huh.Thank you.Ray, you're getting very emotional."
"Emotion? Me?"
"Yes. You look much richer than you did when you met.
It was what I wanted and wanted.
I would have longed for it ever since I woke up.
When Shiona tells me, my heart is filled.
When I was incomplete, she told me that I was approaching Ningen... Ziona.
"I'm sure that's because Ziona was laughing next to me."
"Is that so? I didn't do anything."
"No, because Ziona was there for me.Thank you, thank you."
"That's me, if you'll say so.Thank you, Ray."
"I am more grateful,"
"I... hmm, that's weird.I can't believe we've been thanking each other."
"That's true.I wonder what they're doing, us."
"...but it's strange,"
"What's wrong with you?"
"That's what I wish this kind of time would last... strange, isn't it?"
"...no, not at all.I thought the same thing..."
"...can I go over there?"
Shiona sits next to me.
The distance of warmth.
We were at the nearest distance ever.
"What...? I wonder what it is..."
"What's the matter?"
"Somehow I feel strange.My heart is... pounding."
Did it break down?I'm in trouble if it's such a serious failure that maintenance is required.
"It's all right. I'm the same.My heart keeps pounding."
"What? Oh, are you okay?Doesn't it hurt?"
"Yes, this is a very nice thing."
Shiona put her hands gently and shyly on my hands.
It's soft and enveloping.
I returned my wrist in response.Like putting the palms together... so that we can intertwine each other's fingers.
I feel the warmth of Ziona stronger.
And that warmth warms my heart.
"It's warm deep in my heart, like this, slowly..."
"My chest...? Here...?
Shiona's hand reaches my chest.
The place where I touched it immediately became hot.
"Shiona's hands feel very hot... I wonder why.Maybe I'm sick."
"No, that's not the case,"
"Do you know the cause?"
"Yes, perhaps,"
"Tell me,"
"Huh, what shall I do?"
"Don't be mean to me.It bothers me, doesn't it?"
"Well... but Ray is not the only one."
"What makes you hot?"
"Yes, that's right. My heart is really hot right now, too."
"Is it the same for Ziona?"
"Yes, it's the same. Maybe it's more serious than Ray."
"That's a big deal! How can I cure it?"
"No, I can't cure it... I don't have to cure it."
"It's hot in the back of my heart, it's hard, it's heartbreaking, but it's warm... that's all right.That's all right, Ray."
Shiona's overlapping hands got a little hot.
I'll take that hand back.
"Ray, please,"
"I want you to stay with me forever."
"Yes... have you been with me all along?"
"Yes... I promise,"
"Thank you, Ray. I'm so happy... very... very... very... very...
Siona laid her head on my chest.
I felt like my heart was going to be filled.
It's similar to the feeling of joy I felt before, but stronger than that.
What does Ningen call this?
I wanted to ask Shiona, but I thought it was unsophisticated to break this atmosphere.
So... I'll just give myself up to time with Ziona.
a sweet-smelling tea on the table.We did it all the time until the steam disappeared.
The next day I was getting ready to go out after breakfast.
Shiona, who was washing dishes, talks to me.
"I was thinking about going to the library."
"Library... Are you going to see Tipy?"
"Yes, that's what I'm going to do,"
"I'm sure Tippie is still getting over it.So I'll leave you alone?"
"Yes... but if I can't get over it and feel lonely alone, I can't leave it alone."
Just as Shiona was by my side yesterday and made me feel warm, I think I can support you just by being close.
"It's okay. Tipy isn't that weak."
"Is that so...?"
"Yes, I am sure.Besides, Ray, I have a favor to ask of you.Why don't we go to the square today?"
"In the square? Why?"
"With the music box... I'm going to sing again."
"Yes, something sad happened.That's why it's important to be able to relax."
"Can you rest your mind...?
"After the funeral, I'm sure the people in the town are feeling the same way and depressed.So don't you want to brighten up everyone's feelings?"
"...everyone in town?Of course, I think so."
It's hard to see a sad face.
If possible, I wish I could soothe that sadness.
"It's our melody that can do that. I'm sure the town will come back to life."
"I see... I guess so."
"Yes, I'm sure so.Here, let's get ready."
Shiona encourages him to reach for the music box.
The music box, which is maintained every day, is ready to play music.
We set out for the square.
a cloudy afternoon
There were few people.
"There's no one here, Siona,"
"It's always like this at this hour.Before Ray came."
"Before I came..."
"I told you,"After Ray started playing music, everyone started listening to my songs.The people in the town are changing little by little.I went out more and had more interactions.Little by little, I feel that the connection between people is getting stronger."
"Because I'm here..."
"Yes, I think so.Since Ray came, the people in town have changed.Of course, for the better."
That was a very happy word.
I'm helping someone.
The fact cannot stop my joy.
"Ray, you look happy."
"Yes, my cheeks are loose."
"My cheeks?"
`Yes, you know -- '
Shiona's fingertips hit my cheek.
That alone made my heart warm again.
"My face is hot for some reason,"
"Ray, are you shy?"Hahaha."
My face gets hotter.
It seems that what Ziona is saying is right.
"Well, Ray, shall we begin?"
"Yes, are you ready?"
"Always,"
Shiona slowly closes her eyes.
I wanted to see that beautiful profile forever.
But I just want to hear Ziona sing.
So I began to turn the handle of the music box slowly.
The melody is accompanied by Shiona's singing voice.
The two melodies melted together to create a beautiful tone.
Soon people began to gather.
At first, they looked a little dark, but gradually they regained their smiles.
And before I knew it, there was a big circle of smiles in the square.
Town Child A
Townspeople A
townspeople B
Townspeople C
Townspeople D
The smiles and words of various people are flying around.
Oh, here it is.
That's all I was looking for.
People with happy smiles.
Every time I see that smile, my joy grows.
I was sad that the girl was not in the circle.
The blue girl in the back of the library.
a girl who never comes here.
a girl who has been confined to that library.
All I thought about was the girl.
Shiona's voice brings me back to my senses.
"I'm sorry, I was thinking a little bit."
"Well... now, everyone's gone."
I looked around and found that the people in such a big circle were scattered.
I seem to have been lost in thought for a very long time.
"What were you thinking?"
"Well... no... not really..."
"Shall I guess?"You mean Tipy, right?"
I was easily seen through my heart.That's why I nod honestly.
"...yes, that's right."
"As expected... do you really care?"
"Yes, I'm curious.Because she's still that young."
"A little girl, or... well,"
"And I'm always alone.I can't help feeling lonely."
"But it has always been so.I'm used to it now."
"That's not the case,"
"Because Ziona said it, too.People in the town have changed since I came."
"Yes, that's right..."
"Then I hope Tippie will change, too.It's a bad thing to be lonely
I tell her to return what she taught me.
In response to the remark, Siona smiled slightly.
I looked at the side of the library, closed my mouth for a moment, and looked back at me again and smiled.
"Ray, shall we go home?"
"It will rain from noon today.Look, let's go home... right?I'll make you a fluffy white soup."
At the hands of Shiona, I left the square half-forcefully.
A few hours later.
I was about to leave home when Shiona stopped me again.
"Well, I wanted to read a book..."
"There are some books that my brother was reading."
"No... well, I'm sure it's a genre of book that's not here."
"What kind of genre is it?"
"It's a machine book.I became interested in Mad's repair the other day."
"I see. I'm glad Ray is interested in something."
"Yes, thank you.So I'm going to the library."
"Does that have to be today?"
"Yes, I hope it's early.I want to read it as soon as possible."
"But it's going to rain now, isn't it?"
"It doesn't matter what the weather doesn't matter.I'll go even if it rains."
"But the book might get wet?"
"Don't worry, I'll take your bag."
"Well... then I'll go and borrow it for you."
"What? No, I'll go myself."
"No, that's all right.I just had some shopping to do, so I'll be back while I'm at it."
Saying so, Shiona goes back to her room.
I wonder why.
I have a feeling that Shiona is trying to keep me away from the library.
No, it's not.
I'm sure it's more accurate to tell Tippi.
I don't know what that means, but it seems true that I don't want to see you.
Shiona says it gently, but I can feel that feeling.
But why on earth is that?
"I'm ready, Ray.What kind of books should I borrow?"
"I don't know if I tell you, so I'll go with you."
"No, it's all right.Ray, take your time."
"Well... I want you to borrow me a book with an electronic circuit."
"Electronic circuits, I see.Well, I'll be back."
Siona went out.
A few minutes to wait.
It was about time Ziona was out of sight.
I laid my hand on the door that led out.
...it's strange.
It's not locked.
But the door never opened.
It's as if it's bolted from the outside.
--maybe it is.
She locked the door that I could only lock from the outside so that I wouldn't notice her as she left.
So I can't get out of this door.
but why?
for what?
I returned to the living room with my head in my arms.
I looked over the table and found a piece of paper.
It's a letter from Ziona.
Dear Ray,
You must have been surprised that it was locked.
Do you remember talking about the attack on a nearby town?
So, as a precaution, I will lock it.
Please look after the house.
I prepare soup and bread for dinner.
Please heat it up and eat it.
Don't ever go out.
The dead young man told me the story of Ningen, who repeatedly looted.
Maybe that ningen is near here.
If that's the case, it's dangerous to go outside.
I see. She was worried about me.
But then it would be dangerous for Ziona to go out.
Shouldn't I have actually gone shopping as a man?
Don't make a mistake...
It must be true that there are ningen who loot.
Even so, is it necessary to lock the door from the outside?
Rather, if you lock it from the outside, you can unlock it from the outside.
It's easier to get into the house.
--strange.
If you were really wary of looting, you wouldn't have sung in the square yesterday.
You can't go out of your way to attract people.
If so, why?
--there is only one thing that can be thought of.
He locked me up.
It's because I can't get close to Tippi.
Shiona can't have done this without thinking.
There is always a reason.
And that must be what they are doing for me.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .what happened to Tipy.
I'm afraid you're trying not to let me know about it.
It's not good for me... Don't be sad to know that...
I couldn't stand up.
I want to see Tipy.I want to make sure.
A blue girl crying all by herself in the library.
I wanted to wipe away the girl's tears.
Look around the church.
There was a window at a very high place.
You can go up, but there is no guarantee that you can go out and get off well.
But that's the only way out of here.
Suddenly a white cloth caught my eye.
curtains swaying in the wind.
There are many of them in the room, and they look long, big and strong because they cover big windows.
I'm going to take off all the window curtains.
There was no sign of sunlight falling from the dark clouds.
I tied the five curtains together on the table, and they were quite long.
It's long enough to go downstairs.
Tie the edges of the curtains to the windowsill.
I rolled it up many times and checked the strength many times.
All right
I'll be able to support my weight alone.
I tied the other end of the curtain to myself.
Then he leaned out of the window with determination.
The ground you can see from there looks very far away.
I feel a little faint, but I can't get out of here.
Grasping the curtain, I gradually lowered myself.
On the way, a strong wind shook me.
I clung to the curtains while my body was doing pendulum exercises, so I couldn't help it.
Wait a few minutes for the wind to stop.
Once he took a deep breath and resumed his work of lowering his body.
It probably took about ten minutes for my feet to finally reach the ground.
My body was so exhausted that I almost fell on my backside.
But I don't have time to rest here.
I set out for the library where the blue girl was waiting.
It began to rain quietly so as to disturb my feelings.
As if to moisten the thirsty town, its momentum gradually increases.
Without an umbrella, I am willing to get wet.
The wet clothes stuck to my bare skin and made me sick.
Cover your right hand covered with gloves to get out of the rain.
Puddles began to form under his feet, and distant thunder began to be heard.
Breathing heavily brings rainwater to the mouth from time to the mouth.
It's a cold rain that blows from the outside against the hot body.
I finally got there, exhaling the rusty rain from my mouth.
The blue girl waited alone in the library.
It was dimly dark inside, and no light was leaking.
Is she buried alone in the dark sea of books?
The mere thought of it made my heart ache.
You enter the entrance and go deep into the blue girl's waiting.
"You're here, aren't you?"
A voice from the back.
It was not Tipy's.
The person who kept me away from here????
"You wrote in a letter that you shouldn't go out because it's dangerous, right?Didn't you happen to see it?"
"No, I saw it,"
"Well... then I came here because I knew it.Ray is a bad boy."
I can hear Shiona laughing.
But I can't really see that expression in the dim building.
"Why did you lock me up?"
"I can't believe I'm locked up..."But that's what happened in the end.I'm sorry."
"There's a reason, isn't there?"If you don't mind, can you tell me?"
"...reason? The reason is simple.I don't want you to meet me."
"You don't want me to see you..."
"To the blue girl ahead,"
"To Tipy? Why?"
"I can't say that.It's a top secret."
"Wait, I don't understand what you're saying.Why can't I see Tipy?"
"That's... no."
"That's not the reason!"Tell me properly."
"I can't give you a reason,"
I can't help but speak strongly.
At the same time, I noticed that my heart was burning red and hot.
I wonder if this is it's anger.
Am I angry with Shiona...?
I don't mean to.I just want you to tell me the truth.
But what I said earlier seemed to upset Ziona.
I couldn't see her expression clearly in the dark, but the atmosphere she conveyed changed.
an atmosphere of hesitation in saying something.
Shiona opened her mouth small and tried to say something... she still shut her mouth.
Then he drew his chin down and whispered.
"...because it will make you unhappy."
"Unfortunately? Who?"
"... Ray and I... all the people who live in this town, I guess."
"The townspeople? By our meeting?I don't know what you're talking about."
"Certainly, you may not know now.But I'm sure you'll regret it."
"Why do you regret it, Siona? Tell me straight.I don't know because I'm not smart.You have to be clear..."
"I mean, these things..."
the sound of boots
Shiona approaches me at the dim entrance.
The next moment I felt warmth.
And softness.
Siona was hugging me.
"Siona... What? Well, what..."
"Please, Ray... Do you want to go home with me?"
"As it is...? What do you mean?"
"It's very bad for Ray and Tipy to meet.To be exact, bad things happen in a chain when we meet.So..."
"Did I offend Tipy by any chance?"Is that why you don't want to see me?"
"No, the other way around.Tippie loves Ray very much."
`Then -- '
"That's why I can't see you.Please understand."
Shiona's arms around her waist are full of strength.
The sweet scent enveloped my whole body and made my head dizzy.
"...is that Ziona's wish?"
"Yes, that's my sincere request."
"What would Ziona think if I met Tipy?"
"It's very sad.It's blue, and I think it's going to prickle."
"Why? Why does Ziona think that way?"
Shiona took her face away from me and looked up at me...
said he boldly.
"Ray... because I like you."
"Yes... Ki...?
The words almost stopped me from thinking.
a sweet breath
Lips and lips that I think I'm going to touch.
a hand wrapped around one's waist
body temperature touched
We were infinitely near each other.
And that's what I'm saying now.
It's just a word that connects the two characters, but it contains very deep feelings.
These words fill my heart with great force.
I felt more "joy" than ever before.
What someone needs.More than a certain amount of emotion is poured into a particular person.
I don't know how happy I am.
And now I'm getting that pleasure.
He put his exhausted arm around Shiona's back.
Shiona will accept it.
The warmth grows deep in my heart.
"Siona, I..."
"Yes, Ray, I know.So let's go home..."
Shiona's hands are tied up.
I was walking to the exit of the library with my heel back.
"...thank you, Ray, but this is all right.This is for Ray's sake."
I feel uncomfortable with Shiona's words.
Siona said mysteriously to me, who suddenly stopped walking.
"Siona, you just said this.It's for me."
"Yes, I did,"
"No, Ziona,"
"No? What's the difference, Ray?"
"If you're saying it's for me, this isn't it."
"No, it's not. It's for Ray to do this."
"No, because I'm happy to be of service to someone.I'm here to help someone.But now I'm trying to disappear in front of people who can help me.It's not my pleasure, it's not for me.Then who is it for?"
"Siona, I'm going to see Tipy.It's not for anyone, it's for yourself.If this makes someone unhappy, it's my fault.But even if that happens, I won't stop, because that's the result I wanted."
I let go of Shiona's hand and rush through the entrance again.
Shiona's voice never reaches my back.
Siona just stared at me with a sad expression without saying a word.
Walk through the rain-smelling entrance and into the back of the library.
I could see the moisture in the soles inhaled into the carpet every time I walked.
Dry library air envelops wet skin.
I couldn't help but feel sick.
It may also be related to Ziona, who just broke up.
My heart aches and I feel like I've swallowed something heavy.
Many times, Shiona's face goes past her head.
All of them had a sad smile on their face.
Why did this happen?
Why did you end up doing this?
A wave of regret poured in.
But I could not rest my legs.
--at the back of here is the child.
a girl who is always alone.
a girl who is always blue girl.
a girl who always sheds tears.
I couldn't leave the girl alone.
So I'm walking down this corridor.
There was a picture on the wall of the corridor.
The pictures Tippi writes one by one every day.
A girl was drawn on a brand-new piece of paper.
You will soon find out who the girl is.
A girl drawn small on a large piece of paper.
Tears trickled down his cheeks.
All recent paintings have the same composition.
a picture of a girl crying alone.
The picture really breaks my heart.
The girl was alone all the time.
The sadness seemed to me to understand.
I want to get rid of that sadness as soon as soon as possible
I wanted to tell you that you're not alone.
I wanted to tell you that I was by your side.
He dragged his wet soles along the long corridor.
Looking at the picture attached to the tipy's height, I move on.
At that time, I suddenly felt a sense of incongruity.
It's not because of the content of the picture.
The problem is the number of pictures.
Tippie is obviously a young girl.
If the child paints every day, can he really write this number of pictures?
...maybe there were days when I wrote a few pages a day.
Still, the number of pictures in this picture is unbelievable.
Was the girl so lonely?
I wonder if there was anything else to do but draw.
Oh, I wonder why I left the girl alone.
I wonder how much tears that has made me shed.
The girl in the picture was crying more and more day by day.
It seems to indicate that the girl's sadness is deepening.
I hurried.
In the back of this, to the girl who would be crying alone.
To soothe that sadness.
And to wipe those tears away.
To hug the girl with both hands.
I walked breathtakingly fast towards the innermost part of the library.
There was no girl there, which was supposed to be there all the time.
There's no teddy bear there that stays there all the time.
There were only unfinished pictures and crayons.
There was a girl crying alone in the picture I had just drawn.
where has Tippie gone?
I searched the surrounding bookshelves, but I couldn't find them.
Is it somewhere in this library?
Or outside this library?
I don't know the truth.
You won't know until you find Tipy.
I started walking.
Sewing through the bookshelf, I looked for the blue girl.
A library on a large site is not suitable for looking for people.
In addition, it's dark.
You can't find it just by looking at it from the edge of the bookshelf.
You'll have to check it out step by step.
From the back of the library to the entrance, parade between the shelves.
The clothes that were supposed to have been wet had begun to dry up.
And it was when my hair was dry.
At last I was able to find the girl.
The girl was riding on a large stepladder and arranging books on the shelves.
The girl lives in the library and acts as a librarian.
This is how the books returned by the townspeople are returned to their original places.
That's harsh for this little girl.
Thousands of bookshelves in this library are stacked and connected to each other to reach the ceiling.
I don't even want to think about the number of books in my library.
Such a large number of books and girls face each other and manage them like this every day.
There's only one person in this library.
When I thought about it, I couldn't help feeling that my heart was tight.
Tippie stretches on a stepladder and puts a larger book back on the shelf than her face.
When he had finished the work and breathed a breath, Tipy turned his face to me.
"... Ray! ...wow, wow..."
When Tipy realizes that I exist, he loses his balance on stepladder.
"Dangerous, tippie!"
a falling stepladder
Tipy's hand being extended.
I reached out my hands in response to the hand.
--a shock penetrates from the chest to the back.
I found myself lying on the floor from my back with Tipy in my arms.
"Ray... you came, Ray...!!!"
Tippie rubbed her cheeks in my chest many times.
I patted Tipy's head out of relief.
My soft hair welcomed my hand.
"Tipy, are you hurt anywhere?"Are you hurt?"
"Yes, it's all right.Does Ray hurt anywhere?"
"It's all right. Thank you for your concern."
"He saved Tipy... Ray, I love him..."
The little girl's hand gripped my clothes.
I felt a little wet and warm in my chest.
Tipy is in tears.
But it looked like an unusual tear.
It must be tears of peace.
My presence must have helped Tippie feel a little lighter.
When I think about it, joy runs through me.
"Tippie, you were arranging the books. Isn't it great? Great?"
"Oh, that's great. He's a very good boy."
"Pat it, my dear.From the old man, stroke Tippie's head."
"Yes... Tipy is a good boy, a good boy..."
I stroked my silky hair.
"Well...Ray is patting my head.Tippie, I'm happy..."
"Do you always arrange books?"
"Yes. I'm fixing a book.I want a lot of people to read it."
Look up at the bookshelf.
It is true that some books are very old-fashioned.
Some of them have worn or discolored back coverings.
Is Tipy fixing these...
It reminds me that I wet my book in the rain.
If you treat her roughly, this is how she adds to her work.
I swore from the bottom of my heart to treat him with care.
Stand up and leave your back on a nearby bookshelf.
"I'm sorry I'm late,"
"That's all right... Ray, this is how you came."
"Were you all right by yourself?"
"No... I missed you very much."
"Were you crying?"
"Yes... yes, yes..."
Tippie pressing her face against her chest.
Sometimes I heard sobbing.
"It's all right, we'll be together forever."
"All the time? Ray, will you be with Tipy?"
"Yes, that's right. I'll try to come to the library as much as possible."
"Will you live with me?"
I looked up.
His eyes were filled with large tears.
"That's a little difficult.I owe it to Ziona now."
"But I come every day.You don't feel lonely, do you?"
"Yes... but I miss the night so much."
"At night..."
"It's dark and quiet... Tippie, sometimes I wonder if I'm alone in the world."
"That's not the case.That's not the case..."
All I could do was hug her.
Tippi smells sweet.
It's different from Ziona. It smells sweet.
"Yes, I know... I'm glad you just come like this.Hey, Ray. May I ask you a favor?"
"Yes, what is it, Tippie?"
"Can you help me?"
"Yes... of course, it's cheap."
I stood up and held hands with Tippi.
They parade through the library while pushing carts containing several books.
"Next time... well, it's called Philosophy of Mind and Body."
"Then it's the third from the top and the thirteenth from the right of Easy 493."
To tell the title of the book, Tippi immediately mentions the place.
It was as if I knew all the books in this library.
There's certainly a book's worth of clearance in the place where you're told.
When I put it in, it fit perfectly.
Tippi is not saying anything appropriate.
I'm sure I'll show you where the book is.
I became interested and decided to ask a slightly nasty question.
"Can I ask you, Tippie?"
"Remember the beginning of this novel?"
I presented a very old novel.
Tippie stared at the title and began to read as if she had a book open in her head.
"'There was five stories high down there.Right next to the school building is covered with cream-colored bricks, making a walkway that looks comfortable.There is a flower bed right next to the sidewalk, and you can see colorful flowers from this height.If I throw myself from here, will all the cream and flowers be stained with my dirty blood?"
Tippie read verbatim for sure.
It was exactly the same as the handwritten characters in the novel.
"Do you happen to remember all the books here?"
"Well... I don't know."
"What about this book?"
When he glances at the book he offers, Tippi recites it streamily.
"There are about 206 bones that make up the human body. From the head to the occipital, frontal, temporal, parietal, sphenoid, sieve, mallet, tibia, stapes, lower nasal scapula, lacrimal, nasal, spade, maxillary, palatine, zygomatic, mandible, and cervical vertebrae."
"...what about this then?"
I presented a handwritten book with the full circle.
"Where did this theory of soulless begin?"
"'Everything is finite, and even the soul is no exception.A child born after the soul is depleted will be a soulless vessel.Edward = Morg.'
Tipy knows all the books here by heart.
But why?
Even if you have tremendous memorization skills, you need to read these books first.
Even if you keep reading every day, you won't be able to read through the sea of this book.
I wonder what this is all about...
"Ray, what's the matter?"
"No, it's nothing. Let's put the next book away."
It's no use thinking that there's no answer.
Now let's concentrate on helping Tipy with his work.
When we put all the books back on the shelf, we sat down in our usual place.
"Thank you for helping me, Ray."
Tippie spoils me more than usual.
Is it a reaction that we haven't seen before?
The way he approaches himself is cute and lovely.
"That's all right, Tippie.You usually do it by yourself, don't you?"
"Well... I've been alone all this time.I'm lonely."
"...how long have you been alone?"
It may have been a forbidden question.
Tippie looked up at me sadly.
"Tipy has always been alone,"
Then Tipy told me.
Tell me a sad story until Tipy was alone.
"Pap, mom,"
It was when Tipy's parents were still in the library.
The girl loved it.
I loved my kind mother and father.
My mother always smiled and hugged Tipy gently.
My father always looked at them kindly while organizing the books.
"Tippie is as spoiled as ever,"
His father takes out an electronic terminal for books from his desk.
"Oops, that's true.Tippie liked this one better."
With a wry smile, he closes his electronic terminal and takes out a book made of paper instead.
Printing is a valuable cultural relic now that the technology of printing has disappeared.
"Tipy, come here,"
His mother calls him on his lap and sits down happily.
And on Tippi's lap, a stuffed bear was chosen by his parents.
Tippie enjoyed every day.
I enjoyed spending time with my favorite mother and father.
And there was no day when I didn't feel happy.
My mother always praised Tippi's paintings.
"You must be an artist at the end of your life.Father, you have a proud nose."
His father was always hopeful about Tippi's future.
I wish those days would last forever.
I want the three of us to be together forever.
That's what Tipy always thought all the time.
Before I knew it, my parents' eyebrows wrinkled more and more and more.
Tippie didn't like the expression.
The streets are also busy.
The grown-ups are all talking in unison.
But young Tipy doesn't understand what it means.
However, I was worried that my life would be ruined as before.
One day the telephone rang.
The sound sounded very sad to Tipy.
His father answers the phone and begins to wrinkle his brows.
I don't like Tippi's expression.
The father who left the phone was talking to his mother about something.
After a while, the story becomes an argument.
We were arguing about something.
The only thing I know is that it's very sad to see the two arguing.
"Tipy, will you listen?"
Shortly afterwards, his mother looked at him with a mysterious expression.
Behind him was his father -- and his packed baggage.
Tipy knew intuitively that his life would not continue.
"There's a lot going on in the world right now."
"A lot of people are scared and can't sleep.You don't like that, do you?"
"There are children all over the world who think so.My mother wants to help me if she can."
"Yes... I was sure Tipy would say that... So, Tipy, it's important from now on.You don't have to understand, can you listen?"
"Actually, I had to go far away to help my father and mother and their children.Even if we go, maybe things won't change... but there's a possibility."
"No, it's farther away.It would take days or weeks to get there."
His father stopped Tipy from heading to his room.
"Tippie doesn't have to get ready for the trip."
"That's not it... Actually, Tipy, my father and mother are going alone."
"You two...? What about Tipy?"
My parents look at each other.
Tipy feels something about his sad-looking parents.
Tears welled up at once.
"I'm sorry, Tipy, but I can't do that."
"It's a very dangerous place for mothers to go.I don't want to take Tipy to such a dangerous place.Tippie is important to both your mother and father."
"No... I don't want to... I don't want to... Tipy's going, too..."
My parents hugged Tippie gently.
"I'm sorry, Tipy... but my mothers still have to go."
"I'm sorry, Tipy... It's all right, I'm sure I'll be back soon."
"I'm sure it will be soon... so that I won't be lonely..."
"Tippie, you're a good boy, so please look after the house.and show us another picture of Tipy."
"Oh, yes.I draw one picture every day.What Tippie saw, heard, knew, felt.Will you tell me that when we come back?"
"Yes, I also make a lot of stories into books when I travel.I'll be back to let Tipy hear it."
"Oh, absolutely absolute.I promise, so..."
The three of us hugged each other.
I don't know how long it will last, to heal the parting????
How long has it been since then?
Tipy continued to draw as his father told him.
Every time I draw a picture, I paste it on the wall.Make sure you notice it as soon as your parents come back.
What I saw...
What I heard...
What I know...
What I felt...
But eventually, it is filled with feelings for her parents.
I want you to hug me, pat my head, call my name, hurry up... I miss you...
My heart turns blue and blue.
The girl continued to draw with tears in her eyes...
Tipy told me about his sad past with grains of blue sadness.
His little shoulders trembled fleetingly.
a girl who is sad in front of her.
I can't imagine how much the sadness is.
Probably because I've never felt so much sadness before.
So I can't understand Tippie's feelings.
I should be able to soothe that sadness.
By hugging that little body.
surely
Tippie sits with her back against the wall.
reach for that delicate body
When he touched his shoulder, Tipy jumped small.
It's not a refusal.
He seemed a little surprised at the sudden action in the dark.
"It's all right, Tippie.It's all right."
"Hey, isn't Ray gone before Tipy?"
"Yes, it won't go away,"
"Why don't you leave Tippie alone?"
"No, I won't leave you alone,"
"Don't you miss Tipy?"
"Yes, I won't make you lonely,"
"Why don't you make Tipy sad?"
"No, I won't make you sad,"
"Will you love Tippie?"
"Yes, I love you,"
"Can you hold Tippie?"
"Yes, I'll hug you,"
"Can you hold Tippie?"
"Yes, I will,"
"Can you stroke Tippie's head?"
"Yes, I'll stroke you,"
"Can you hold my hand, Tippie?"
"Yes, I'll hold hands,"
"Will you stay with Tippie forever?"
Tipy's eyes gleamed faintly in the dark.
The shoulder I touched was too hot.
I hugged Tipy's body????
"Oh, you're on good terms,"
The voice echoed in the darkness did not belong to the girl who was now trying to heal her sorrow.
It belongs to Shiona, who was supposed to have broken up at the entrance.
I found Shiona standing beside me.
With a smile on her face even in the dark, Ziona approaches us straight.
"But it's also a problem that we're too close.They're men and women of age."
Shiona controlled the hand I was stretching out to Tipy.
"Hey... hey..."
Tipy's face, which was looking for the arm, is distorted by grief.
I couldn't help but raise my voice to Ziona.
"Siona, what are you doing?"
"What's the matter? I'm so excited.You have to think about physical contact with an old child."
"That's not the case.Tipy is sad... trying to heal that sadness even a little."
"Are you sad about what?"
"It's against my parents who haven't come back yet! Tippie has always been alone.I've been feeling lonely!"
"That's the reality, so it can't be helped."
"Can't you help it?"That's...
Siona walks up to Tipy.
Then he sees Tippie, who is small and sad.
"Tipy-chan?"Unfortunately, Tipy-chan has been alone for a long time.Until now and in the future."
said he, smiling, in his usual tone.
"Siona, what are you talking about?"
"Tipy, you know, right?My father and mother aren't coming back anymore?"
"Siona... don't... don't say such a terrible thing..."
"You're really aware of it, aren't you?"You just don't want to admit it, do you?"
"...no...no...no...no..."
"Tipy's father and mother..."
"... Ziona... Stop..."
"He's dead now -- "
"Don't do that!"
The voice echoed through the library.
My whole body was getting hot.
His breathing became rough and he felt a pain in his head.
The gnawed teeth were also growling.
I could barely stand up because of the flickering sensation in front of me.
And at the same time I was convinced.
My heart is burning with red.The feelings that Mad always had.
This is the feeling of anger.
I feel angry at the irrationality that is happening in front of me.
Now the blue girl's hopes have been cut off.
Tippi was hurt by the thoughtless words of Ziona.
Tippie is crying in a silent voice.
Make a mess of your face.
He turned his grief into large drops and poured them down his cheeks.
He expressed his endless sorrow with a young body.
Shiona went on to make a follow-up.
"Because it is.How long do you think Tipy's father and mother haven't come back?"
"Tipy, you draw every day, right?How many pictures have you already?"
"Don't..."
"Don't you feel sad when you draw every day?How many more pictures should I draw to get my father and mother back?"
"Don't do that, you know..."
"No matter how much you cry, it's no use crying. Tears flow only to comfort yourself.It doesn't change anything just because it's played."
"...don't do that..."
"That's just self-satisfaction.If you cry, someone will be nice to you, so you'll just cry.I'm just running away from reality."
"...don't...don't..."
"Let's see,"Neither my mom nor dad are coming back.Never again. Tippie will never see her father and mother again."
"And I'll tell you.Ray is just here out of sympathy for Tipy.Isn't there the love your father and mother had poured into Tipy?It's just pity that binds Ray here.Tippie, do you understand?You've always been alone."
"Don't -- -- "
a loud angry voice
When the echoing voice stopped ringing on the wall, only Tipy's sobbing voice remained.
Tipy looks up at Ziona with empty eyes.
I felt that the light that had been in me until a while ago was gone.
"Rey, spoiling is different from comforting."
"That's not the case... that's not the case..."
"Ray, accept reality.Tipy's parents are no longer in this world."
"No... that's not the case..."
"Then why haven't you heard from me?"Don't you have a letter to Tipy, who loved you so much?"
"That's... I'm sure I'm too busy to contact you..."
"If you know the other person is worried, you'll spare no time.All the more so if you love your child.The absence of it means????????"
"Don't... don't, give it to me..."
`--Tipy's father and mother are already dead,'
I hardened.
Shiona's tone was as gentle as usual, and her smile was the same as usual.
I wish you had told me in a cold voice.
I couldn't take on any more words in that unusual atmosphere.
Ziona's face is smiling as she faces Tipy again.
"Tipy, your only family member is your father and mother.But they're not coming back anymore, so no matter how much you're with someone, it won't really fill you up.Even if Ray is with you, you can't be a family.That's a fact that can't be changed anymore.You'll always be alone."
Shiona turns around and heads for the entrance.
On the way, he turned to me once.
"However, only the eyes were on the floor."
"Ray... it's all for you."
Siona left the library with that much to say.
The building was silent.
Now I don't even hear Tipy sobbing.
I was furious and exhausted by Shiona's words and actions.
I can't even stand up.
But I can't leave the girl alone like this.
The girl will think.
I'm all alone in the world.
You have to live in loneliness.
I didn't want you to think about it.
I wanted you to know that I'm not alone.
My feelings for Tipy are not compassion.
It's never like pity.
I ruminate many times.
It's as if you're telling yourself over and over and over again.
He reached for Tipy's shoulder.
embrace someone's delicate shoulders
Tippie bounced at first in surprise, but settled on my chest.
He pressed his face against me, killed his voice, and shed tears.
I patted his trembling shoulder many times.
If I could relieve even a little of the sadness I have in my little body...
I don't know how long I've been doing that.
We sat cuddling up to each other.
It was when I lost my sense of time after a while.
Tippie staggered to her feet and began to walk as if to ask for something.
Tippie doesn't answer.
Sketchbooks and crayons.
Tipy with the two comes back to me.
sit with one's back on one's stomach
Tippie won't answer again.
Instead, they turn over the drawing paper.
Tippi holds a brand-new page on canvas and a crayon in his hand.
Then he ran crayons over the drawing paper without hesitation.
It's a cute picture appropriate for your age.
The first painting was by a blue girl.
There is a tear mark on his cheek.
His eyes were tinged with red.
I patted Tippie gently on the head.
Once again, Tipy runs crayons over the drawing paper.
The next person to be drawn is apparently me.
The hand rests on the girl's head.
It seems to be a scene where he pats his head gently.
and --"
It was Shiona.
She looked at the girl a little far away with a scary face.
That was Shiona for Tipy.
In my eyes, Ziona in front of Tipy will look like a picture.
Why did Shiona do that?
Siona said,
It's all for me.
I don't know what that means.
No, I didn't want to know.
I don't know what it means for me to make Tipy cry.
Can I be happy if I make someone unhappy?
No, that can't happen.
It shouldn't have happened.
I hugged Tipy as if to erase Ziona's words stuck in my ear.
The voice seems to fade away.
But I felt a little joy in the depths.
I think while looking at the picture.
Maybe this is a way to avoid Tippi's own sadness.
It is said that people dream at the end of the day.
It is said that it is to sort out the memories of the events that happened that day.
For Tipy, it may be this picture.
What happened that day????
Draw everything, including good things and bad things.
By doing so, we may be able to organize our memories and calm ourselves down.
In fact, Tipy's expression is somewhat soft.
As the painting progresses, the sadness subsides.
It's like handing over sadness to a picture.
Tippie stood up and pulled me by the hand.
If you follow him in his hand, you will find a wall with pictures all over it.
It's a picture I write once a day.
The number of the paintings was enormous.
Tipy pasted the picture he drew today at the very end.
Another Tippi painting has increased.
The wall-filled picture also felt like a diary of the girl's loneliness.
Tippie must have spent all her time alone in this story.
I've been telling such a sad story by myself...
When I thought about it, I felt something coming from the back of my heart.
When I saw his sad eyes, I couldn't help but choke up.
Instead of answering, he hugs Tipy.
After a while, I heard a quiet breath in my sleep.
Compare the picture diary on the wall with Tippi sleeping in her arms.
Perhaps this picture book is Tippi's heart itself.
I fell asleep thinking about it.
It's the church where I live.
I stood in front of the familiar white big door.
I pushed the door open with my hands.
The chapel that leads inside is surrounded by amazing silence.
--no, it's not complete silence.
for a quiet sob reached my ear.
rush through the chapel
Then I confronted the sobbing man.
It's a person who always smiles.
It was Shiona.
Shiona is crying with her delicate shoulders shaking.
I couldn't hide my surprise at it.
why are they crying?
I didn't understand the reason.
But it's true that Shiona is crying in front of her.
Those tears are not false.
Still, I couldn't do anything.
...no, that's not the case.
There must be something I can do.
reach out one's hand
My fingertips stretched out into Shiona's eyes.
I don't think I can stop those tears.
But I can wipe away those tears.
That's all I can do.
Stretch out your fingertips in large drops.
On the way, my hand stopped.
My fingertips are made of machinery.
The extended index finger has a metallic luster...
That's right.
I forgot.
No, I wanted to forget.
I'm not a ningen.
It was created.
I wonder why.
Am I not allowed to wipe away the tears of my loved ones?
Shiona cries.
I keep shedding tears.
Is it a sadness that Shiona has never shown?
But I can't stop or wipe those endless tears.
Then why am I here?
I wonder what I can do for Shiona here.
I couldn't find the answer.
I couldn't move the extended hand of the machine any more...
Immediately afterwards, there was a clash of metals.
The piercing sound echoed intermittently.
My fingertips stretched out???????
The parts collapse and fall to the floor.
Collapse that begins at the fingertips increases the palm -- wrist -- arm -- shoulder and its range.
The parts of the body are crumbling down.
Then I fell to the floor, having difficulty even standing there.
My legs and torso become scraps.
Wastes of iron pile up around.
I couldn't speak out, and I had no choice but to accept the collapse.
Shiona has been crying.
I'm crying with my voice
I can't even reach out to the machine anymore.
It's not even with your arms or fingertips anymore.
Collapse erodes the whole body and reaches the head.
I don't feel pain.
You can't feel it.
But...
I felt pain in the back of my chest, which was supposed to be gone.
The last sight I saw as my vision collapsed was Ziona's sad expression and tears.
and I was only a metal???????
Scraps are piled up of scrap.
and then I awoke.
I was shouting something, but I don't remember.
I'm breathing hard.
I hurriedly checked around.
It's dark and dusty.
The damp, warm air.
And thick books lined up on the shelves.
This used to be a library.
I fell asleep last night and seemed to have just entered the morning.
Take off your gloves quickly and check your right hand.
It was supposed to have collapsed a while ago, but it was still there.
But it's made of machines, just like dreams.
On his lap, Tipy was breathing in his sleep.
An innocent sleeping face doesn't make you feel yesterday's sorrow.
It seems that I was dreaming what Ningen called a dream.
In sleep mode, past records may be glimpsed to organize storage areas.
But now it's like a prediction from experience and memory.
Is this the calculation that this possibility is hidden in the future?
Even so, how sad it must be!
I still couldn't calm down the sensation in my heart.
I wonder why Shiona's tears upset me so much.
And why am I so helpless?
I'm not real.
I knew it.
I thought I knew.
But I still want to be funny.
Shiona and Tipy want to make everyone in town laugh.
But I can't do that.
I see the answer, but I don't want to admit it.
for I am a man of creation.
There's only one truth you can't resist.
But still, I wanted to.
I want to make everyone around me smile.
But that doesn't come true.
When I try to make Tipy smile, Shiona doesn't laugh.
When I try to make Shiona smile, I can't wipe away Tipy's tears.
How difficult it is!
Is there any better way to make everyone smile?
Looking at Tipy's sad sleeping face, I ruminated deep in my heart many times.
stroke Tipy's head with one's fingertips.
Smooth hair lets your fingertips run through the tips of your hair without tangling.
The sweet smell is spreading.
"Well... well..."
Tippie whispered, wondering if she was dreaming.
The young sleeping face makes me want to protect myself.
But how?
I was at a loss as I looked alternately at the right hand of the machine and Tippie's face.
I hoped such a slow time would last forever.
--but it didn't work out that way.
A strange sound came from afar.
I hear footsteps as if many people were walking at exactly the same time.
And a faint scream and a sound of something being broken.
These two destroy even my little hopes.
hastily put on gloves on one's right hand
"Well, what... Ray, what...?"
and Tippie awoke.
An uneasy expression that had never been seen before spreads to Tipy's face.
"I don't know... but something seems to have happened."
"What is it? What is it?"
"I don't have a clue, but I'm sure it's a bad situation."
I stand up and turn my toes toward the library aisle.
"... Ray? Where are you going?"
"I'll wait and see,"
"No... Don't go, Ray."
"It's all right, I'm not going anywhere.I'll just wait and see on the roof for a while."
"I don't want to... I don'
Tipy hugged her and wept.
He must be seeing his parents who have disappeared.
"It's okay. It's okay, Tippie."
"Well... well..."
"Have I ever broken my promise to Tipy?"
"Yes, sir.You always did that when you said you were going to see me, didn't you?"
"So it's all right.I'll be right back from the roof."
"...okay.But please come back soon."
"Yes, of course,"
I made an appointment with Tipy and headed for the roof of the library.
It was in front of an old rusty door that I climbed up a long spiral staircase.
There is no sign of long use.
When I opened it, I heard an unpleasant sound in my ears.
I pushed the door open regardless.
at the same time as . . .
Something strange came into my eyes.
Black smoke was rising from all parts of town.
Screams are not misheard, but come from the mouths of the townspeople fleeing from something.
And the people of such a town were chasing several figures in dirty overcoats.
He walked quietly with his firearms in his hand -- but he certainly hunted down the fleeing people with no waste of cooperation.
It was as if everything had been calculated.
The townspeople on the wall are talking to the attackers.
The attackers winked at each other, nodded, and pointed their guns at the heads of the townspeople.
Then, without hesitation, he pulled the finger that had been on the trigger.
with a dry sound and a loud bounce of his head, and the townspeople collapsed to the spot...
The sound brought me back to my senses and understood the situation.
It's hard to believe, but... this town seems to be under attack.
What Shiona was saying was true...
I hurried back to the lobby.
Seeing me like that, Tipy asks me anxiously.
"Ray... What happened?"You look so scared."
"...I'm not sure, but... something bad is going on..."
I couldn't tell Tippi what I saw, so I blurted my words.
"What's wrong with you? What do you mean?"
"I think this town is being attacked..."
"No... Tipy, I'm scared..."
"It's all right, far away from town.It's still safe here, so calm down."
"...yes...but what are you going to do?"
"I'll... go and see what's going on."
I was curious about the town, but I was more worried about Shiona.
That happened yesterday, but she's still a ningen who helped me.
I haven't heard why Shiona, who is kind to everyone, is so harsh to Tippie.
I still don't understand the meaning of what you said for me.
"No, don't go... please... Ray..."
"It's all right, Tippie.I'll be back for sure."
"Really? Really?"
"Yes, of course.So will you wait a little longer?"
"If you'll come back, I'll be waiting for you,"
Tippie hugged the teddy bear tightly.
Nevertheless, anxiety cannot be erased from his expression.
Can't I do anything for her grief and anxiety?
With such a gloomy feeling in my heart, I left the library.
I decided to use the back road as much as possible to get to town.
What's going on in town is obviously bad.
There's a risk that I'll be damaged if I'm found.
Keep your footsteps as low as you can and head for the square.
If possible, I wanted to arrive before the line, but it seemed impossible because I repeated the detour.
The closer you get to the center of town, the more noticeable you become.
But they're all buildings that didn't look like they were going to collapse until yesterday.
I wonder if the strangers who were chasing after the people in that town broke it.
Dust is floating in the beautiful town until yesterday.
Why is it necessary to destroy the buildings in this peaceful town?
I just can't make myself understood.
As screams and the noise of destroying buildings intensified, I came to the truth.
in the misery of the square.
Many men were chasing and catching the townspeople.
With guns and unreasonable violence, men, women, and even children are being chased away.
The captured townspeople are seated in the center of the square.
A crying child. An angry voice that doesn't make a voice.
No matter where such a voice blew, the armed men looked cool.
No, the expression "cool" may be strange.
He looked as if he had glanced at a stone lying by the side of the road without interest.
I can't see Shiona as far as I can see.I wonder if I can think that I haven't been captured yet...
`--the circumstances,'
"--the majority of the inhabitants were captured.It's probably only a matter of time before we leave."
Up close, I heard two men talking.
I slowly approached them and listened carefully so that they wouldn't be noticed.
"What about water and food?"
"It was well-saved.Groundwater sources have been found in the water."
"Well, the harvest is better than I expected."
"Oh, it's possible to settle down like this."
I was convinced.
These men are the ningens who attack the town and rob it of water and food.
I couldn't forgive their irrationality.
I can't believe I'm hurting innocent people just for looting.
But I couldn't do anything more.
I can't even jump out of the place.
I knew best that I was powerless.
"But how did you find such a small town?"
"--there must have been a slave man who escaped the other day."
"If I remember correctly, he advocated coexistence with the Philoid..."
"Oh, he's a fool who's obsessed with old ideas.Co-existence and harmony with the Philoid, too useless a thought in this world."
coexistence and harmony...
That remark reminds me of a young man.
I helped him and brought him to this town... and that's his last words.
Does that mean these ningens were the ones who hurt him like that?
"So it was a labor force that had been treated the same as Philoid and kept alive."
"Yes, I was chasing him back, and he helped me in an unexpected way."
One of the men continued in an uninflected voice.
"Ningen, who helped him, showed me the way to town."
When I heard those words, I felt my back getting cold.
Why didn't you think about the cause of the young man's injury then?
You must have heard from Ziona that there is a group that is looting...
Even on my way back to town, if I had paid more attention to my surroundings, I might have avoided tailing.
I regret taking an easy action on a temporary impulse.
It was I who caused the attack.
"I have gathered the leading men of the town together.There are no rebels."
"I see. Then select the type of oral intake and the person who has no ability to produce or manage it.What makes us less productive is --"
As he spoke, the man who was being reported pulled a gun out of his pocket.
"Disposition,"
`--don't!'
As soon as I understood the meaning of the word, I screamed.
But I couldn't help but shout at Ningen, who so lightly called the people of the town who had taken care of me.
So the men there look back.
And there was an eye.
"Keep it,"
The men came running up to me with their voices.
In a hurry, I start running.
But my body can't keep up with my feelings.
My legs didn't turn well, so I ended up running away while losing my balance.
Soon the men came up behind me.
It's as accurate as a machine.
No, I'm going to get caught like this.
I risked my life and ran into the alley.
The alleyways are muddy because of the rain.
I run through, even though I'm caught in the leg.
Occasionally, he tries to slow down the men by knocking down the wood on the wall.
But that's not enough to stop him.
Right behind me, I could see the men approaching me.
Can you run away like this...?
What I was aiming for was a library.
Even if they can escape to the library, they will find out about Tippi.
If Tipy was attacked --"
I turned my toes.
He escapes to the door that appears to be the closest back door to the building.
It happened that it was Mad's general store.
I looked for a place to hide --"

I found a figure in a chair.
Mrs. Mad won't answer.That day, I sat shallowly in a chair with my arms folded, just like after turning the projector.
"Mr. Mad, you hear me, don't you?"Please stop joking at a time like this -- Mr. Mad?"
I almost swallowed a scream.
As soon as he touched Mad's shoulder, he -- quietly crumpled out of his chair.It's as if it's already over.
`Why --!'
Are you saying you've been "disposed" by those guys?But for that reason, there is no type of trauma.
"I found the target."
Ironically, it was the voices of the men chasing me that brought me to my senses, who were about to panic.
But it was too late.
"We'll have enough labor now, we'll get rid of it says.
Nothing could be done about it, but I rushed back from Mr. Mad, the men stepping in, and the men at the head of the pack held the gun at me????
"Ray!"
Soon after, several things happened at the same time.
the sound of a dry gunshot.
and a figure that slipped in front of me in a protective manner --"
`Sh--'
I took time to grasp the situation.
He stood protecting me.
He looked at me with only his face turned around.
He looked at me with a constant smile.
and a few seconds later --"
"Oh my gosh!"
With a blank head, I cried.
My body was moving unconsciously when I saw it.
I knocked down one of the shelves with the arm of a machine hidden under my gloves.It knocked down the shelves all over the shop in a chain -- tiny bits and finer dust.
At the same time, he picked up the canned food that had fallen on the floor and threw it at the window.
The men react to the sound of windows breaking.
"Did you run out of the window?"
"I'll follow you,"
The men rushed out of the open door.
"Have you gone????????"
and as for me, I was crouching still next to the fallen shelf, half of my body sunk on the floor which had fallen from the shock.
Hold her in your arms so that she wouldn't touch the fallen Ziona.
"Ziona, Ziona, stay strong!"
Shake Shiona desperately with her eyes closed.
He seems to have fainted.
I looked at Shiona's body, but I couldn't find anything that looked like a wound.
I wonder if the bullet didn't hit me.But I may not be able to say that I am safe because I am fainting.
Anyway, we have to evacuate once.
--the place where it can be done near here can be done...
Breathe in deeply, I remember.
About the girl who kept me waiting in the library.
I went down the back road and back to the library so that the ningens wouldn't find me.
It was quite a handicap to carry Shiona on your back, but you went through the destroyed building over and over again.
Meanwhile, Shiona remained motionless.It was helpful enough for me to carry on my back, but at the same time my anxiety grew.
If anything had happened to Ziona -- I arrived at the library, almost crushed by such fear.
The clouds covering the sky made its shade darker.
When I finally arrive at the library, I look for Tipy.
Is Tippie safe?
So far, the library has not been ravaged.
There's no sign of anyone coming in.
There was silence in the building as we passed through the entrance.
Feeling relieved, he sews between the shelves to find Tipy.
But no matter how hard I look for her, I can't find her.
By any chance???????
I searched everywhere as hard as I could to dispel my unpleasant thoughts.
By any chance???????
I go to the lobby on hope.
I'll go around behind it.
There was Tipy, who was shaking little, with his ears and eyes closed.
I reached for that little body.
"Tipy, I'm back."
Tipy's shoulder leaps small.
But when he recognized me, he hugged me with all his might.
"Welcome back. I believed you, Ray."
Press large tears against my chest.
His body trembled little by little.
Oh, I've made her feel uneasy again.
Put your hand around your back and stroke it.
"It's okay... I'll never leave you again."
Perhaps relieved by the words, Tipy's tremor subsided and eventually stopped.
"What's the matter, Siona?"
Looking at Shiona with her eyes closed, Tipy asks anxiously.
I told the truth without reserve.
"He was shot.To protect me... I don't think I'm hurt, but I'm fainted..."
"Show me at once!"
With unprecedented agility, Tipy laid her down on the floor as if she were hugging her.
"Ray is looking back, and he looks at Ziona's wounds."
"Oh, yes... is Shiona injured?"
"I don't know, but I'll check."
When I see Tipy putting her hand on Shiona's clothes, I turn around in a hurry.
It wasn't long before--
"...it's all right, there's no problem, Ray."
Tippie's tone was restored.
I look back quietly.
Shiona is breathing softly on the floor of the lying lobby.
I thought he was shot behind me, but he just fainted at close range.
"I'm glad..."
I breathed a deep sigh of relief.
"Ray, why was Shiona shot?"
"The Ningens are here.and began looting in this town.and demolish the building????????"
I kept my mouth shut that I was trying to 'dispose of' the townspeople and that Mad might have already been 'disposed of'.
"And when I was found and was about to be shot, Ziona shielded me????????"
clench one's fist in spite of oneselfTippie looked sadly at me.
"--I see.But then... it might be dangerous here, too."
replied he, with a mysterious face.
"I wonder if I can go past it if I hide... until the ningens leave..."
Tippie shook her head sadly, as if to control my words.
"The Ningens have found this town.The town we live in, so we'll come here."
"Well... are they going to live here..."
"This is the town."
Town... That's right.
I walked along the barren ground until I got here.
There was no food, no water, and it was always next to death.
Those ningens must have traveled through such a world.
If that's the case, this "town" is an unexpected paradise.
"But... why would you take it away from me?"If they were people in this town, they would accept it."
"It's for us to live,"
"If that's the case, I can't believe I can do anything... I'm wrong to sacrifice someone!"
"... Ray, I'm scared..."
"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare Tipy..."
He loosened his fist, which he had clenched in anger, and patted Tipy's head reassuringly.
Now let's think about Tipy and Ziona.
If you stay in town like this, you'll be in danger to both of them will be in danger.
Actually, I want to help everyone in town.But I can't do it now.I don't have that power or wisdom.
Now I freeze the feelings taught by Ziona and the people of the town, mechanically... make the most efficient choice.
Let's go somewhere to calm down.
"Tipy, let's go out of town.And let's figure out how to help the townspeople."
As I said it, my heart tightened.
That's because I've ranked my life.
I chose the life in front of me, within my reach.
I'm sure it's a shameful thing.The weight of life is equal... but I'm still trying to choose...
"Yes, I think that's good."
The little girl's nod lightens my guilt.
"Let's hide in that abandoned factory for now.There should be nothing there that Ningen would like."
"Then I must get Ray and Shiona's food ready..."
"Yes, I wish I could somehow stop by the church."
The library and church we are in now are located on the opposite side of the square, on the edge of the town and on the edge of the street.
Once you leave town and make a big detour, you won't be able to stop being shot where there's no shield.Besides, I carry Ziona on my back.
Is that the only way to go under the rubble?This time, Tipy is with me, so the difficulty will be even higher...
I explained it to Tippie as easily as possible.
"Is it difficult to go to church?"
"Yes... so far,"
`Then you can pass underneath,'
"...did you?"
"Yes, I did. I'm going under the ground to church."
"Yes, underground. No one would find it if it were underground."
"Underground... Underground... But how?"
"You can go in the manhole and just walk under the street."
...I see.
It is true that then you will be able to go to church without anyone finding you.
"That's a good idea, Tippie!"That's amazing, Tippie."
"Hehe... Ray praised me."
"But where is the manhole in town?"
"Well... Ray, come here."
Tipy takes me by the hand and leads me to the bookshelf.
He came to the front of a certain bookcase without hesitation.
"That book,"
Pick up the book Tipy points to and open it.
Inside it was a map of the location of the town's manhole and its underground waterways.
"That's amazing, Tippie! With this, you can go to church without any problems."
"Thank you... Ray,"
When I stroke my head, my eyes narrow and I'm happy.
"All right, Tippie.I'll start at once."
"Yes... but wait. I'll get ready, so just a little -- wait?"
"Yes, sir,"
"Thank you, Ray,"
After a quick bow, Tipy disappeared into the back room.
Tipy told me that there was no problem, but I'm worried that he won't come back to consciousness.
Ningen's shooting may not be a bullet-proof gun, but a weapon that deprives him of his freedom.
Once you know the cause, you know how to deal with it.
I wonder if the unknown situation is so scary.
"Wait, Ray.--what's the matter?'
Tipy came back from the back room.
"No, it's nothing.I was a little worried about Ziona."
Pretending to be as calm as possible, I answered.
"And what are you going to take?"
Tippie, who had been preparing, carried a large bag.
"With stuffed toys... oh, really... give it to me."
"I see. It's important,"
"And... a picture of Daddy and Mommy."
said Tippi sadly.
A picture of my parents who will never come back again.
I don't understand how Tipy feels when he looks at the picture.
"Well, what about this?"
Apart from the large one, Tippie held a thin but solid metal bag in her hand.I think it's a little too rough for a small tippie to hold.
"This is... I'll tell you later.Ray, let's go."
"Oh, yes..."
She carries Shiona on her back with Tippi's help.Strangely enough, I didn't feel the weight.
"I'm ready, Tippie,"
"Well, then... good-bye,"
Toward the countless bookshelves, Tipy said goodbye.
The voice sounded somewhat sad.
I haven't been able to soothe this girl's grief at all.
But I didn't give up.
We'll be together forever.
It doesn't matter if we spend time together little by little.
I want to heal Tipy's sadness.
And one day, I want Tippi to smile from the bottom of her heart.
That was my secret wish now.
"Let's go,"
`--yes,'
Still, without a murmur, Tipy followed me.
By the time we got to church, we were quite exhausted.
There is no sign of ningen around.
We look around carefully and step into the church.
The chapel was silent.
It's as quiet as if the uproar in this town is a lie.
I found the music box on the altar at the back of the chapel.
Was Shiona listening to the sound here?
The sound of my shoes heading to the music box echoes through the chapel.
He approached the altar and reached for the music box.
As I turned the steering wheel, the melody overflowed.
The melody warms my heart somewhere.
Suddenly I heard a song.
I could hear it from my back.
"Welcome back,"
said Siona, getting off my back.
"That's all right.Is there anything painful about it?Tipy said it was okay...
"Yes, I think it's all right,"
Shiona smiles reassuringly.Then he saw Tipy next to him.
"Tipy... you're here, aren't you?"
`Yes -- '
Tippie nodded sadly as usual -- and yet with a prepared face.
"Siona..."
Tipy turned his palm to Ziona and controlled his words.
"I understand... I understand!"
Shiona lowered her head to endure something.
` -- Ziona,'
On the other hand, Tipy was just kind...
That was a very surprising remark.Shiona gazes at Tipy's little eyes with bated breath.
"I noticed it while I was with Ray.What Shiona is going to do."
`But then -- '
"That's why I came here.I can't go to the library anymore... maybe this town, either."
"Tipy, I'm sorry..."
"It's all right. She doesn't have to cry."
said Tipy, gently hugging Ziona, who fell on her knees and jumped into Tipy's chest.
It was as if Tipy had always been more like an older sister.
"Ray, what are you going to do now?"
Tipy told me, and I came back to my senses in a hurry.
"If Ziona looks all right, I want to help the townspeople.Especially those who have been told to dispose of -- '
"Disposition?"
"Oh..."
It was a terrible way to say it...The same ningen is not regarded as a ningen.
"Can Ray do it?"
"I don't know -- and yet I can't keep silent and watch people who are going to be killed in front of me."
"But Ray is in danger,"
"Yes, I know that, but..."
I'm dealing with people who point guns at me without hesitantly at me.I can't do anything about it even if I try it head-on.
I'm sure we can't even have a discussion.
"I promise. If there's any danger, I'll definitely go back."
"Absolutely. If Ray gets hurt -- everything's going to be irreversible."
"Yes. I can't leave Ziona behind either."
"Ray..."
"Ziona????????"
With that remark, we parted as if the magnet had repulsed.
"Oh, I'm sorry!"I didn't forget Tipy!"
"Only Ziona is cunning..."
said Tipy, with the tip of his mouth a little sharp.
"I'm sorry, Tippie.I didn't mean to..."
I patted Tipy's head gently, apologizing.
"Well... that's not the case..."
Nevertheless, his expression was not altogether perfect.
First of all, Shiona laughs -- followed by me and Tipy.
Thus we laughed at each other.
The three of us held hands without anyone.
Hold each other's hands tightly so that they will never leave.
And before that determination is shaken, I declare.
"Let's go on together forever.All the time -- '
But he laughed at me like that...
Footsteps echoed in the distance.
Shiona's smile makes Tipy's smile stiff.
I'm sure I'm strong, too.
The whole town has been caught.
Now I'm on my way to this church --"
It's definitely a ningen.
I was the first one to move.Look out of the window to never make a sound.
There is only one figure, but I don't know how many people will come next.
"Ziona, Tipy, go deep into the chapel.Bend down as much as you can so that you can't see it from the outside."
"I think it's better to lock the door first,"
"No, then I'll definitely be called for support.Then we have no chance of winning."
We want to neutralize the ningen outside without making as much noise as possible.
If you have one partner, I think you can do something about it.If we were two, we could make a surprise attack.
But more than three -- I didn't tell Ziona or Tipy, but I was going to get caught.
Stand behind the door with the sound of footsteps hidden.Meanwhile, the sound of footsteps came closer and closer.
The number is one.There is nothing to follow at the moment.
"... well..."
I took a quiet deep breath and made up my mind.
Breathe hard. Footsteps -- close by.
The door slowly opened.
Then a man with a pistol slowly enters.
not yet!
For an instant I shook my arm down from the blind spot.
Soon I kicked the pistol off the floor.
At the same time, they set up foot sweeps, but that's certainly avoided.
It's still a close distance from each other.
You can probably think of it as having weapons other than guns.
Then, if you jump at the moment you reach for it, you'll catch it off guard.
But the man looked at me quietly.
"What do you mean, my dear?"
He asked me in an intonationless voice.
"Why are you hostile to us?Are you the owner of this town?"
"Owner? I just want to do something good for the people of this town."
"It's like a philloid,"
"...then...that's why I exist."
As I spoke, I took off my right glove and showed off my mechanical hand.
It's not a good idea to fight head-on with me, who has a mechanical body.
If you make me think so, they might pull it out.
Now, as long as Ziona and Tippi are safe, that's fine.Even if they find out who I am, they will protect what they want to protect.
That's my role as a philoid.
My behavior made him nervous again.
"What are you talking about? You can't take any action against the Philoid.for they are designed to obey orders so that they cannot disobey Ningen."
"What?"
"In any case, you are a nonconformist trapped in old ideas.I'll get rid of it before it becomes a source of trouble."
The tip of the knife is delivered straight to the throat.
I grabbed the blade of the knife with my right hand.Then, apply all your strength at once and twist it wide.
and the blade of the knife snapped from the root.
Put your whole body weight on it and push the opponent down.Put your left elbow on his throat and seal your feet with your knees????
"Ray!"
Shiona ran out of the back of the room.
I said, pressing him again with my left hand and raising his bare metal right hand.
A knife is also a metal arm.If you put it all down on your head, you won't be safe.
"Ray, don't do that."
Shiona begs in a trembling voice.
though.
Biting my molars, I shook my right hand down with all my might.
My right hand was half in.
Not on the man's head, but on the floor right next to him.
"Why do you want to save me? For our own safety, killing me is the right choice."
said the man, expressionless.
"That's not the case.It's a wrong choice to kill for whatever reason."
"It's hard to fix. It's too inefficient thinking."
"I will hold you hostage.and liberate the townspeople."
Grab the other person by the collar and pull him up.
"That's meaningless.My life is not worth it.If dying now opens up the future of our compatriots, there is no reason to regret it."
Without changing his voice, the man took something out of his pocket.
It was an old-fashioned bomb.I pulled out the safety pin and grabbed my arm at the arm.
`Oh!'
I pulled my arm quickly, but I wouldn't budge.
I shudder.
Why is this ningen so emotionless in spite of this moment when he is about to lose his life?
I felt as if I were bound up by the color of my blind eyes.
--no! Stop thinking, and it's over!
I immediately change my mind and start analyzing the situation.
The man had a really small bomb the size of a small fruit.
However, as long as it is a bomb, it will be lethal, and above all, the explosion could be noticed by the ningens sitting in the town.
When is it going to explode?
The other party will kill himself.I'm sure I don't have much time.
But what should I do?If the explosion is large, it will damage the hidden Zionas.
It's impossible to deactivate the bomb, so how can we minimize its effectiveness?
I hugged him reflexively.It's like holding a bomb.
In this way, at least we may be able to protect them from the blast.A choice that may be incomplete but seems best.
At least the two of us --"
The next moment, I was shocked.
From the side. Like being pushed away... No, no, I was pushed away!
Roll the floor and look where you used to be.
There was Ziona carrying a bomb.
"Siona!"
"Get down!"
The bomb she was holding exploded with a loud light.
Perhaps the reason why the explosion was not so large was because it was not intended to be killed or injured.
Still, I was dizzy from the blast and sound.
Ningen, who was also at close range, fainted.
"Siona!"
cried I, in my shaky vision.
Please, please stay safe.
"Siona!"
"... Ray..."
"Shio...na..."
"Siona, give me an immediate treatment!"
A few steps away felt very long.
He walks up to Shiona, slapping his unsteady feet.
Then I saw it.
"What... this..."
When I saw Shiona, I lost my words.
The right arm thrown out on the floor... beyond that wrist... metallic -- frame?
It's not a bone. It's definitely not.It's clearly different from Ningen's.
and -- none.
That's weird.
There was nothing there that was supposed to be.
Red.
That's proof of ningen.
"Well... why?"
"But..."
I clasped the right hand of my machine covered with gloves.
Well, if it's the same... I wish it were the same...
"Siona, you know... are you all right?"
"Yes, that's about it,"
That's not the case, isn't it?
There can be no such thing as that's impossible.
I was hit by an explosion so close.
It can't be all right.
It must be so painful that I can't help shedding tears.
Nevertheless.
But why?
"More than me... Ray, head,"
I followed Ziona's gaze and put my hand on her head.
Oh, why?
I wonder why I have what Shiona needs.
I don't need this.
I don't need this, so I wish Shiona would have met me.
No, it should have been.
Siona says, touching my head.
"You're bleeding, are you all right?"
My head was bleeding.
Red.
It's red blood.
It's not flowing in the philloid...
In contrast, not a drop of blood flowed from Ziona's arm.
Instead, exposed mechanical parts are visible.
This means only one thing.
That's --"
"... Ray? I heard a loud noise, but it's all right -- Ziona!? Ray!"
Tippie, who came out from the back, screamed.
His eyes were filled with tears.
"Both of you must heal your injuries...!"
"It's all right... I'm all right..."
He hugs Tipy, who is about to cause panic, gently wraps her around him.
Tippie, who was hugged, spread a little relief in my face.
But it's unstable.
It's about to collapse, and it hurts deep in my heart to see it.
"Ray... Let's move, I can't stay here anymore..."
said Tipy in a trembling voice.Shiona nods to it.
It is true that the other ningens will surely come at the sound of the explosion.
I had a lot to ask.
There were many things I wanted to make sure of.
But now I swallow it.
"...let's go, let's get out of town."
We got out of the church with only the least baggage.
Then, following Tippie's instructions, he used the back road of the town and escaped outside, aiming for an abandoned factory.
That's where I'm reminded...
I was the only one who felt heavy from fatigue.
Tippi leads him and Shiona pulls him by the hand and continues to walk.
When I got to the abandoned factory, I finally sat down on the ground.
Next to Shiona, who has a cool face, she calms down her rough breath.
"Tippie, I'm going to get some water."
The little girl glanced at Shiona and disappeared into the abandoned factory.
Perhaps he left all the explanations to Ziona.
"... Ziona,"
Shiona smiles back at my voice a little troubled.
"I think you've already noticed, but I... no.All the people who live in this town are philloids."
It was... something I was trying to look away from.
I had a hunch... I felt uncomfortable... but I didn't want to admit it...
"And... am I Ningen?"
When my head was damaged, a red liquid was leaking from the damaged area.
It was very similar to the blood flowing through Ningen's body.
There is no such liquid on the philloid, so it cannot flow.
"You've always misunderstood because you have a mechanical arm... it's a medical artificial part that compensates for the limbs lost in an accident or something."
"Well... then I'm really..."
"Yes, you are Ningen.You are the creator and partner of our Philoid.All the people in the town are Philoid.You were the only one who was Ningen
"I see..."
I looked at the right hand of the glove-covered machine and held it weakly.
The existence I had always thought was the exact opposite...
Siona is a philloid... I'm a ningen...
I mean, I'm Ningen, who I hate myself.
I felt something deep in my heart.
That feeling is painful.
I'm sad.
I'm so angry.
It was the same thing that seemed cold, cruel, and evil.
My heart ached helplessly.
The fact that I can't change makes me angry.
The man I was dealing with was right.
I was not a philloid, but a ningen.
And the rulers of Ningen are trying to do terrible things to the people of the town of Phyloid -- no, they are already.
I wonder how this happened.
I just wanted to live with Ziona and the townspeople.
I just wanted to make everyone happy.
But, but --"
I can't do that.
That's because I'm a ningen.
for I am one of those helpless creatures.
I felt warm in my fist, which I had clenched unconsciously.
When I looked down, I saw Shiona's hands overlapping there.
The temperature is artificial.
But it had nothing to do with me.
...warm.
This alone reduces the burden on the mind.
But at the same time, it highlights my own shortcomings.
I wonder if I deserve her kindness.
"Do you want to know more about you?"
Siona smiled at me and said,
"Do you mean Ningen?"
"Yes, Ningen.Do you want to know about our partner?"
If you can, I'd like to know.
So I nodded.
"I want to know... I want to know how this happened to us."
"Does Ray remember Tippie's paintings in the library?"
"Oh, I remember..."
"That picture, Tippie paints every day.Every day, every day, at any time, once a day."
I close my eyelids and remember that scene.
There were dozens or hundreds of those pictures in crayons.
"How many do you think there are?"
"I don't know... if Tippie were a philloid, she would have drawn it for years... about a thousand."
"86,671 sheets,"
`80,000 -- '
Once again, I felt dizzy.but it was not caused by the previous explosion or by subsequent bleeding.
Did Tippie spend such a long time alone in a dark library?
Few people would have come to that library.
It must have been a lonely day.
When I thought of the time Tippie had spent there, I felt as if I had lost my footing.
Tippie has endured it.
With that little body.
"And a few decades ago, we Philoid was born.at the request of the Ningens????????"
Siona told us about the history of the Philoid as if to sing.
First of all, the Philoid is an Android that has reached its practical stage with Ningen's emotions.
The basic information of emotions has been installed since the beginning, and a system has been adopted to learn new emotions through a self-reliant thinking circuit.
Including that, it can be said that it is extremely close to ningen.
Therefore, not only in business but also in life, he could be very close to Ningen.
Eventually, companies carrying custom-made emotions and memories will emerge, and an unprecedented philoid boom will come.
The time has come for families that cannot have children to buy their filoids, and for parents and those who have lost their children to order filoids that remember them.
The number of filoids increased in an instant, and in just over a decade a number comparable to the population of Ningen was produced.
Among them, the most epoch-making is the philosophy of Ningen, which is considered the most complex feeling.
It had the ability to be a partner in life.
You can get someone you love without going through the process of love, and that love is guaranteed semi-permanently.
With the increasing number of late marriages and the increasing number of ningen who put work before love, the demand for them was great and received with applause.
However, families who married Philoid did not have children, which accelerated the declining birthrate.
And the declining birthrate creates a shortage of marriage partners and a loop in which the number of filoid marriages increases.
"And before I knew it, I forgot Ningen.How to nurture love."
Shiona laughed sadly.
"Ningen's children were created artificially using science.But Ningen, who lost his love, couldn't teach his newborn children love."
Love was the cause of all emotions.
Because of love, I feel the joy of being in contact with someone.
Because of love, I feel angry when I know what I want to protect and get hurt.
Because of love, I feel sad when I lose something important.
Because of love... we share the same feelings, share them, and know how to enjoy them.
But -- -- I forgot about it.
The ningens who came to town must be such "ningens."
Ningen, who has forgotten his "feelings" with love, has lost even his compassion for others.
Ningen no longer needs love, and he feels uncomfortable with the presence of an emotional philoid.
There's too much waste when you think about the efficiency of your actions...
The Ningens soon began to think that the phyloid should be a machine.
Dare to go to a harsh environment... dangerous work... abuse beyond specifications...
But there were some ningens who didn't like it.
Ningen, who is left with the feeling of love, appeals.Philoid is my partner.
The world is divided into two parts.
Ningen with love and Ningen without love.
And the ningens who don't have it conclude.
The old generation's ideas are foolish and should be wiped out...
I didn't even hesitate to press the button for weapons that burn the earth.
Everything else was quick.
It took less than five days for retaliation to provoke retaliation and for the world to be engulfed in flames and ashes.
Contaminated toxic land, black clouds blocking the sunlight, and the sea that cannot moisten life.
Ningen's history will end with his own hands...
It was a very foolish choice.
"Born for Ningen, we have taken away what is most important to Ningen."
"That's not the case... what's wrong with us is everything..."
"But there were a lot of ningen who survived.No matter how shattered the world is, life will never stop walking."
I can't find a word to return to Ziona, who gently talks to me.
"...cohong, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,"
Suddenly, Shiona started practicing her voice.
and when I turned right in front of him????
"Nice to meet you.I am MODA-117 Alice mk-17 made by Aso International.Have you registered as a user?If you have already registered, please decide my individual name.It's the first name I can give me.Please turn it on carefully!"
--I was surprised.
for it was the first time I had ever seen such a bright and innocent Ziona.
"Are you surprised?"
returned Shiona, as usual.
"Yes, yes..."
"This is the oldest memory I have."
I wonder when it happened.I can hardly imagine.
"At that time, every day was like a festival... it was very lively."
Saying this, she showed me a piece of paper that looked like a newspaper clipping.
"World-famous Musician, Dying"
The picture on the screen is the same as the one in the photo frame in Shiona's room.
He had a face similar to mine.
"Is this... brother?"
"Yes, this story was a long time ago... ...and I'm the latest model of the Philoid that was manufactured.I think it was the fifth generation."
I wonder how Shiona feels when she describes herself as 'manufactured'.
Philoid, like Ningen, has feelings.
In other words, it's the same as Ningen.
Is it that easy to understand?
"My generation is the first model to carry the concept of 'death' of people, to get infinitely close to Ningen, but my previous models don't carry it... like Mad and Tipy.Neither of them understand 'death'.It's no use explaining.The day will never come when you will understand it."
It means waiting for death without knowing it.
It's a hope that has hope, but will never be rewarded.
despair in the name of hope
You can point it at me unconditionally.
I think it would be better to teach them despair from the beginning if they were to be confronted with such a thing as this.
I thought that would be better.
"Tipy is a long time ago model...It must have been the second generation philloid.Energy cannot be extracted from food until the second generation.That's why it's powered by electricity.However, there is a limit to battery life.I have that teddy bear as my battery."
On second thought, Tippie always had a stuffed animal in her hand when she moved somewhere.
I didn't realize it was a battery at all.
But that sometimes made sense.
Tippie was in that library all the time.
That library is the only power generation system in town.
Tippie stayed there to stay active.
"Tipy's parents died a long time ago, too.Maybe more than 200 years ago.But Tipy, who doesn't have the concept of death, is waiting.I've been alone for a long time."
What a terrible story!
I don't know how long Philoid lived, but that's how Tipy spent hundreds of years.
I'm crying every day.
I'm trapped in hope that won't come true in the future that won't come true.
In that solitary library.
I think there's a ball of lead in my chest.
It's painful and painful.
But the more I think about it, the deeper it falls to me.
"But it's hard to know,"
And Ziona is aware of death.In other words, there is no hope that we may meet again.
"Ray is looking at Mad, who falls down at the grocery store."
"Yes... it was strange.It's as if there's no trauma, but only the soul -- '
I know now.In other words, Mad was already broken.
"But we have to live like this.Death for us--until the day it breaks.For us who are not sick, it's the same time forever.That's why we try to be ningen.If you don't do that, you'll be too sad, right?Take over the work your partner was doing, take over the job of the position that disappeared...We're going to go around the world like Ningen was doing.I hope that this world that Ningen used to spin will never stop."
Mad ran a general store.
There were many shops lined up in photo shops, bars and towns.
It was all the work of the Philoid.
It was the Philoid's efforts to protect the world of Ningen.
It was the last hope of the remaining Philoids.
"Someday when Ningen comes back, we'll spend every day so that we can talk about the world of those good times."
Siona smiled.
Feelings that never fit the current situation.
With that smile, Shiona was protecting herself.
I saw that smile sadly.
"...but we Philoid is defective, too.If something is unbearably painful, only some kind of emotion will come forward.I'm like this, Mad is always angry, and Tipy is always sad."
continued Ziona, however.
"That's our last fort.If that feeling disappears, we'll be broken... dead."
"Then Mad, when Ziona was shot -- "
"Yes, I've never been on a trip.After Ray finished showing the movie, Mr. Mad was scared -- no, he was stuck."
"Then -- Shiona?"
"Yes, otherwise the townspeople would doubt Ray anyway.Actually, it was, wasn't it was."
"Well, that's true,"
If the store had remained open over there, I would have definitely entered the store and found Mad, who had stopped working.
If the ningens hadn't come, they wouldn't have noticed.
In the end, it was confirmed that it was not my mistake.
I didn't want to believe it, but it was true.
"My brother said it.Emotion is a piece of the puzzle of life.Emotional pieces keep us alive.If you lack emotion, all the pieces will crumble.That's the same for Ningen and Philoid.Mad's feelings of anger toward his son disappeared, so he broke down."
If that's the case, I'm the one who killed Mad.
I found a playback device on my own and showed Mad your son's movie on my own.
Had it not been for that, Mad would have kept moving without breaking down.
Perhaps she understood my feelings, but she turned to my left and put her hands on me.
"It's all right, it's not Ray's fault.Sooner or later, we're destined to be like that.It's the same as Ningen's inability to escape death.Mad must have been happy.Finally, I was able to know your son's true feelings."
"Perhaps so.but -- '
I'm getting more and more sad.
If I had known that -- I would have forced him to stop.
"You're kind, Ray -- "
"That's not the case..."
Siona stood next to me.
I can't see Shiona's expression.
Anxiety struck me from the inside.
"Because even if I know it, I wish.I'm afraid I'll see that smile again someday."
Shiona smiles sadly while looking down at your picture.
"So I was very happy when I first met Ray.Oh, it was a dream after all.My brother was alive."
I'm going to die.
Whether I knew it or not, it was both painful.
Ningen is made to be good for her, her family is forced to leave her with only the pain of death.
It's selfish and terrible.
That's us, Ningen.
"Tippie feels lonely losing her family.So if you act like a family, you'll die.That doesn't mean I don't want Ray to say that.We Philoid have a rule that we shouldn't say and act 'to make people realize that we're Philoid.'That's because it destroys Ningen's dream.But I went too far... I'm sorry."
When Shiona bowed her head, a sweet scent wafted over her.
Surely what Ziona has done is unforgivable.
However, it was clear from Ziona's point of view that the means were the most appropriate.
"It can't be helped. Ziona just followed the rules, not bad."
Forgive someone like this. Forgive someone.
Apologize. Apologize.
Cry, get angry, laugh.
That's the ningen.
Phyroids were the ones who knew it best.
"Thank you for telling me, Siona.You've been so nice to me, Ningen????????"
I felt sorry as a ningen.
I can't believe I'm paying back my kindness to Philoid, who is so devoted to me.
In the meantime, Ningen may be "disposal" of the Philoid in the town.
and the Philoid would not have much resistance to it.
I couldn't hide the pain in my chest.
Shiona gently stretched out her arms and hugged me.
The warmth enveloped me.
"Of course not.Ningen and Philoid have been partners for a long time.That's what the future holds for a long time."
I felt there was an emotion I didn't understand until the end.
It's warm, wide, deep, strong, gentle, soft, big, precious.
Ningen had lost a lot of things.
But they remembered as much as Ningen had forgotten.
Years, decades, hundreds of years.
They endured loneliness but kept protecting me.
I felt that I had to inherit it and protect it in the same way.
It's not an obligation or an order.
It was what I wanted.
"There was clean water just now,"
While sharing body temperature with Shiona, Tipy called me from behind.
Somehow I felt ashamed, so I immediately kept my distance from Ziona.
The warmth in contact with the skin is being snatched away by the air.
But soon the gap was filled with new warmth.
I saw Tipy coming between me and Ziona.
"Tipy -- tight,"
Shiona and I looked at each other.
Siona seems to leave her judgment to me.
Tippie has lived alone for two hundred years.
At this rate, Tippi will be able to live semipermanently without breaking down.
But is that happiness?
Is there any value in an empty life?
I hugged Shiona.
The tipy that stood between.
Shiona hugs me in the same way.
Tippie hugs us both and mutters softly.
"Warm..."
It's the warmest thing in two hundred years.
Tippie had been waiting for such a trifle for two hundred years.
It was a very sad time...
If I were to be given two hundred years' worth of warmth, I would certainly give it to Tipy.
Then I think I can say that Tippi's waiting time is not a waste.
"What are you going to do, Ray?"
Shiona asks me, holding Tipy from her back.
"If possible... I still want to help everyone in town, but I don't think I can do it now."
I'm sorry to the townspeople, but I don't have the power.
First of all, I want to make sure that Shiona and Tipy are safe.
"It's a little far, but let's go to the factory where I woke up."
No, that wasn't a factory, was it?
A world that has become impossible to live in due to war, and a facility that continues to sleep until the polluted land is a little better.
I... I woke up a little late.
"There was still electricity there.Shiona and I can eat orally, so if we have food to take out of town, we can manage it.But in the case of Tipy, you have to charge it."
"Siona..."
You must have noticed it just by what you just said.cried Tipy.
"Yes, that's right. ... I'm sorry."
"No, I thought it was about time I said it."
Somehow sadly, but with a slightly stiff expression, Tipy continued.
"Tipy must do what he can do... before long."
"...Tipy?"
Shiona asks Tippi, who must have been caught in something.
"The three of us will survive,"
That was a wild word.
There is no guarantee.
Still, all I could do was continue the word.
"We'll always be three of us."
It was just an ideal.
I know the world is not sweet enough to live on ideals alone.
Of course, so is Ziona.
Still, Shiona doesn't ask me any questions.
Anxiety and dissatisfaction.
All those words were sealed off.
They must have been filled in my heart.
In fact, those feelings were trampling on my heart.
Nevertheless, it is necessary.
Words of hope.
"...yes,"
Siona nodded and hugged me and Tipy harder.
Thus we began our journey toward the facilities.
"This is out of town..."
Seeing the wilderness, Tipy hugs a stuffed bear to his chest.
"Is it different from the scenery that Tipy knows?"
"Yes. When I saw it before, there was a road, there was a forest, and then --"
The scenery that Tipy told us about made the festival-like days that Ziona told us even bigger.
In those days Ningen seemed to be at his disposal not only in town, but also in nature, in phloids, and even in the weather.
"Then... by the time I started running, Ningen had already begun to decline..."
Shiona looks a little lonely.The dusty wind fanned the hem of the clothes.
`Let's go!'
With a little food and spare batteries for tippies, we walked out of the wilderness to survive.
And most importantly, to survive.
Struggle, struggle, survive.
Struggling, struggling, living.
That's all I have to do as long as I'm alive.
It was worth living.
That's what I thought from the bottom of my heart.
I walk in search of my memory, marked by the faint position of the sun through the dim clouds.
As the sun went down and the temperature dropped, the three of us cuddled up and fell asleep.
Sometimes we sing, sometimes we encourage each other, sometimes we play...
It's not just hard, it's hard, it's hard.
It was three whole days after we crossed the reddish ground and arrived at our destination, when the sun began to set.
"The building is half full of sand... and I can't find it.I can't believe there were still such facilities..."
When we entered, the lights were dimly lit and the air conditioning was activated with a faint noise from somewhere.
The room was no different when I woke up.For the time being, I'll put away all the filoid parts that would be unpleasant to Shiona and Tipy.
I'm sure these philloids were protecting us who were cold-sleeping.
"Oh, I can sit down,"
Tippie ran out and quickly sat down on the sofa she had set up.
As soon as I sit down, I feel weak.
I seem to have forced him to do so.
"...it's kind of cold here, isn't it?"
"It's originally a cold sleep facility."
It's indoors, but it's a little colder than outside.
"Since the air conditioner worked, I think it still has the function to raise the temperature in the facility."
But I don't know where it is.
"I hope it's also a heater..."
"That's all you have to do it.Ray, sit next to Tipy."
"Like this?"
"Close closer!"
"Like this?"
She was in a position of almost close contact with Tipy, and when I asked her so, she looked satisfied.
"Yes, this is all right!"
he said, sitting on the opposite side of the tippie.
as close as I and Tippie.
"Look, this is warm, isn't it?"
"Well, yes... that's right."
It's certainly warm.It's warm, but...
"What do you think, Tippie?Is it still cold?"
"Well... it's warm,"
Tippie squinted and approached my arm.
"Is it warm? I'm glad to hear that."
"Yes, it's warm... it's very warm, Ray. It's like..."
"What's the matter with you asked.
"It's like a family in this way."

"Tipy's father and mother used to hug him like this."
"Yes. It's warm, just like that time."
"...yes, it's warm,"
"... hey, hold me again?Hold Tippie tight?"
I almost hugged her, but she stopped looking at me sadly.
"Tipy, can't you do that?"
"Why? Why don't you squeeze me?"
"Yes, yes, because Tipy, we're not family or anything."
"Not my family... Tippie, are you alone?"
"Yes. No matter how long we've been together, we're alone.I can't change that."
If you only pick up words, it's as cold as if you don't like tippies.
But now I know.
That word is full of kindness.
The only feeling left in the tippie.
--sorrow.
To satisfy Tipy's heart means to free him from grief...
In other words, it is tantamount to dying.
Until now, I had hugged Tipy without thinking.
But it may have been too cruel a kindness.
No, maybe it wasn't even kindness.
It was just a self-satisfaction act that shortened Tippi's life expectancy.
Shiona has endured it all this time.
To protect Tippi's sad feelings... above all, to protect Tippi.
You really wanted to hug me.
You would have liked to stroke your head and say kind words.
You want to smile orange in your heart.
I endured this blue girl without reaching out.
That's why I thought I had to endure it.
That's what I thought -- -- I couldn't stop.
I just couldn't leave this sad-looking girl in front of me.
He hugged Tipy with Shiona beyond him.
My eyes are burning.
I ask myself why I can't stop Tipy when I know this is an act that shortens his life.
Isn't it just temporarily satisfying my needs...
After all, I'm a ningen...
It's selfish, selfish, and hurtful.
I hugged them painfully.
I hugged the warmth of two people.
We brought warmth closer to fill the gap for two hundred years.
The warmth of three people doesn't make you feel cold even in cold facilities.
It was that warm.
The melody naturally spilled from Shiona's mouth.
That song you made.
The melody gives warmth to the heart.
A gentle singing voice echoes through the factory.
"Tippie, I love this song that Ziona sings."
Tippie buried her face in my heart and said,
"I remember when Dad and Mom were there... somehow I couldn't stop crying."
a girl who repeats her grief.
Tippie has been repeating her grief for two hundred years.
I may not be able to wipe away the two hundred years' sorrow.
But I can give you this instant of warmth.
I decided to hug them for two hundred years in this brief warmth.
But the little time did not last long.
"Oh... Tipy?"
He looks at Tipy sitting on the sofa.
There was Tipy staring blankly ahead.
"What's the matter? Are you sick?"
"Huh? ...huh..."
I don't think I'm doing well.
Is it because I'm free from tension or because I've walked for a long?
Either way, I think I need a rest.
"Tipy seems tired, too. Shall we take a rest today?"
"... well, yes,"
I got a reply one tempo late.He seems to have been thinking about something.
"Ray, Tippie, you may not have enough energy.Maybe that's why my attention is distracted."
"Well... then I have to replenish the electricity.--how shall I do that?'
"Non-contact charging.Charging facilities should be the same, so I have to find a connector and store electricity in the teddy bear first."
"All right. I'll ask for your confirmation when I find something like that."
"Leave it to me,"
I'll check what's in the equipment while leaving Tipy on the sofa.
Cold-sleep devices lined up a lot.I'm looking for something that's still leaking cold air.
Then, open the maintenance cover at its root, and examine several cables connected to the switchboard.
Before long, I discovered something like a live connector connected to a thicker cable.
"Yes, this type is fine.Tippie, borrow a stuffed toy."
When Shiona borrows a teddy bear from Tipy, she opens a zipper on her back to reveal the connection terminals.
When I plugged in the charging connector, the bear's eyes blinked twice.
That's probably the signal to start charging, Siona exhaled a sigh of relief.
Tipy clenched the bear's hand.I guess that's enough to transmit electricity, and I feel like the light in my eyes has strengthened.
"Shiona, let's have dinner, too."
Show the oral block you found while looking for a charging cable.
It's the same thing I found on my way out of this facility.
"The taste is not compared to Ziona's soup, but I think it's nutritious."
"No, I'm glad I was hungry.Just because I can eat makes my heart warm."
I arrange my portable plates and put the oral blocks on top of them.
I thought this would make it look like a meal.
At times like this, I want to cherish my daily life even if it's small.
I wanted to trace a little bit of what I had done in that town -- in Ziona's house.
"It looks delicious,"
Siona smiled as if to accept my wish.
The two of us put our hands together before dinner.
Tipy, who was watching the situation, comes by us.
and put the teddy bear in front of him, and he put his hands together as we did.
"With you all,"
"Tipy-chan...?
"Haha, Tippie is such a treat. She's so gorgeous."
Tippie looked shy and shy.
It was a time of peace in the past few days when I had a hard time.
In the distant past, Ningen must have lived like this with a partner named Philoid.
No, it should be a life that can be recovered even now.
As I lost my feelings, as they taught me... I should be able to regain my forgotten time...
I was thinking about it as I carried the remaining oral blocks in my mouth.
--that was the time.
Warning: The main battery wear rate is over 90%.Please replace the battery as soon as possible.'
Suddenly, in a businesslike tone, Tipy began to say such a thing.
I will request an online replacement from the service center.The service center is offline.Try again. - Service Center offline.Try again. - Service Center offline.I'll try again..."
"Siona, this is --!"
"I don't know the details, but Tippie's battery is dead."
"I can't charge it..."
Was the voltage different? No, that shouldn't be a problem because it's through a teddy bear.
Then, is there a problem with the battery itself?
If there is a possibility... will it deteriorate over time?If you think about it, it's a battery that's been running for more than 200 years.
It's no wonder it's worn out.
"Maybe I need a new battery..."
"I can't believe it's a new battery... and Tippie's generation couldn't have been replaced without a professional engineer taking it apart...!"
"Well..."
Cold sweat came through my back.
I mean, Tippie just stopped -- no, she's going to die?
"Well, I've come all the way here...!"
"It's all right... because I knew it."
When Tipy's voice returned to its usual tone, we could only stare at him as if he had been struck by lightning.
"Tipy, I know you're going to do this by any chance -- "
"Well... I knew this would happen when I left the library.I've been aware of the battery's low charging rate for a few or two days."
replied Tipy, smiling feebly.
"But Tippie has to do what Tippie can do... Ray, can you bring me the metal bag that Tippie had?"
"Oh, I got it!'
A slim but somewhat rough metal bag that Tippie has been carrying since she left the library.Take it heavier than expected and take it in front of Tipy.
Tipy casually puts one hand in the middle of the bag.That alone unlocked the two keys on the handle side.
--there was a black board in it.I wonder if it's about the size of a slightly larger book.But it's much thinner and only half as short as a picture book.
Tippie carefully took it out with both hands and slowly turned to me.
"Ray, put your palms here.It's not a machine."
"Like this?"
As Tipy told me, put the non-artificial hand on the black board.Then --"
A fluent man's voice echoed from the black board.
"Current administrator, MSK-3737 model name Dorothy, approved the work.Continue the registration process."
"I have confirmed.Please tell me the name that identifies the applicant and the individual.'
"Well... Ray,"
"Okay, I have registered Ray as a new administrator.Please get verbal instructions from the current administrator on how to use it.That's all.'
The black board was silent after saying nothing.
"Tipy, that's..."
"All the books in the library, computerized.It's backup data for Tippi's storage area."
replied Tipy, in a tone of a little tired -- and yet accomplished.
I remember the many handwritten books on display in the library.
Tippie remembered every word of the letters written there.
I wonder if that book was written by Tipy?
Even if one day I stop... No, I can predict that it will stop and keep a record of prehistoric civilization as a book.
That place wasn't the library.Tippie was the library itself.
"When you use it, put your hand in the middle of the board, and the tablet -- the board will shine.And the administrator's voice recognition function will be able to call all the data..."
`Well -- '
As Tippi says, activate a board called a tablet.As I was told, I put my palm down.
Biometrics confirmation and administrator ray authentication.Which data do you want to load?"
"Manual! How to repair the phyloid... well, how to replace the battery!"
"Starting the search... there are 3,195 items and 12,751 types of information on how to repair the philloid.We recommend narrowing it down.'
"Among them, Vortex MSK-3737 model Dorothy."
Search started... Conditions matched
The surface of the tablet glows brightly.Then came the letters.
It is almost impossible for the user to repair it.Please let me rest until the staff from the service center arrive."
It got dark before my eyes.
"How's it going?"
"Oh, it's moving... but..."
"That tablet... only works for about 50 years..."
It's more than enough time for me, but I don't think it's a long-term management system for Philoid and the library.
"Are you sure I can use it?"
"Rather use it.From now on... Tipy will be useless..."
"That's not the case!"You've been getting help from Tipy for a long time!"
When I fixed Shiona's music box, when I fixed Mad's projector.They were all done because Tipy remembered the library's library and taught me.
"I'd be happy to hear Ray say that -- use this from now on..."
Tipy, who was sitting on the sofa, lay down slowly.
"Tippie!"
"Tipy!"
I've been waiting for two hundred years.
Don't end it here.
Tippi's little mouth flicked up and down.
I think he's saying something, but his voice is so small that I can't hear it.
I put my ear close to his mouth.
"Hey, Ray... Tipy, it was fun."
Tipy's hands overlap mine.
It's a small, soft hand.
"Ray is my father, and Shiona is my mother... They're both kind and I love them."
No matter how cold you treat him or how cold he is, you can't hide his true feelings.
Tippie was aware of it.
How much we cared about Tippie.
From the moment I got involved, it was certain that Tipy would end up like this.
There's nothing we can do about it.
Being alone forever was the only way Tipy could live.
But that's impossible, isn't it?
Tippie has feelings.
We're not perfect enough to overlook our grief.
No, that's not perfect.
We are allowed to have feelings because we can feel sadness.
Slowly.
Tipy's eyes are closed like a handkerchief that falls to the surface of the water.
It's a philoid we've created, but we can't even save it.
You can't do anything else if you produce as much as you can.
Ningen is a very selfish creature.
"Hey, Ziona..."
Tippie's eyelids slowly opened again.But the light was already out of his eyes.Perhaps he could no longer see it.
"Yes... I'm here, Tipy..."
Shiona's voice trembled faintly.
"I'm glad... hey, Ziona,"
"Huh...?"
"Thank you for everything you've done.You did your best not to break the tippie."
"As you may have noticed, Tipy has been in operation for more than two hundred years... but the useful life is originally 150 years.So both Ziona and Ray are not bad.I did my best and it became..."
When Tippie left the library and came to church, Ziona apologized to him, and Tippie forgave him.
That's what I meant...
"So, please,"Shiona, don't cry... sing... sing... sing..."
"Yes... yes--!"
"Tipy... Ziona's song... I love it."
Shiona began to sing.Sometimes I get hoarse and get out of tune.Still, Shiona continued to sing.The melody...
"Yes... but..."
Tippie laughed -- she couldn't move any more.
My hands trembled.
That's not all.
My whole body trembled.
Now, on my lap, another little life came to an end.
In other words, it may not be life.
But for me, it was an irreplaceable life.
Shiona continues to sing quietly.
I'm not out of tune anymore.It was supposed to be the same as usual -- but the song had a transparent sound.
It's a melody dedicated to Tipy.
Something hot ran down my cheek.
It went down his chin and fell on Tippie's cheek.
Tippie doesn't cry, but she looks as if she's crying.
I hugged Tippie.
The little body will never move again.
The mouth is no longer spoken.
That hand doesn't even paint anymore.
That's death.
The warmth spread through my head.
Shiona was hugging me.
My eyes are burning.
It's a feeling that's overflowing.It's unbearable pain, it's unbearable sadness... it's tremendous sadness.
For the first time in my life, I shed tears.
Tears for Tipy????
Since then, our lives have changed dramatically.
Tippi entrusted me with an e-book terminal containing all the library books.
It was once called a tablet, and my knowledge increased dramatically.
How to grow crops, houses that can only be made of stone and mud, how to predict the weather, many animals and plants that can no longer be seen.
It is even a database of newspapers over the past 350 years before the library went out of service.
I'm sure I'll be able to search for myself.
"Is Ray studying again today?"
"Yes. There are a lot of things to remember."
"What kind of book are you reading today?"
"Survival -- a way to survive in any environment."
Cold-sleep facilities didn't have that much electricity, but if so, they had to be able to overcome it to some extent with just fine electricity.
The facility has already begun securing drinking water using morning and night dew, and the facility's weakest drinking water problem is improving considerably.
Yes, from now on, we can't move on by simply making them speak with strength and strength.
What we need from now on is knowledge.If you have knowledge, even a large number of people can fight alone, or you can avoid it without confronting it in the first place -- or you can win.
It may also be possible to help the townspeople.
I devoured the "power" left by Tipy.
While I was reading, Shiona was singing beside Tipy, who had stopped moving.
Shiona's brother's music box is one of the things she took out of town.
Sometimes, instead of singing, she turned the steering wheel to play the gentle melody of the music box.
It was a very peaceful and peaceful time.
With my current "knowledge," it would be possible to live here with Ziona forever.
So... I didn't notice.
There's something wrong with Shiona's body...
"Ray, the meal is ready."
Shiona prepares meals with a smile as usual.
The oral block was dissolved in water to make it look like soup.
It's very similar to the orange popping soup that Ziona always made for me in town.
"Thank you, this soup will cheer you up."
"I shall be glad if you say so.My heart turns orange."
"But Ziona's soup is small."
The amount of soup in the bowl is less than half that of mine.
"I'm a philloid, so this amount is enough if I put it in save mode."
"Is that so?"
"Yes, so Ray, eat well.You don't feel well when you're hungry, do you?"
Oh... I wonder why I didn't notice.
At this time... her function as a philloid had already deteriorated...
It was half as much energy as I was, and it was only working enough.
As usual, I read a book and Shiona sings a song.
While tracing the surface of the tablet with his fingertips, he wondered if there was a way to free the townspeople.
Suddenly the rhythm of the song, which had been playing comfortably, stopped.
I looked up to see if something had happened, and she was holding her mouth tight.
The music box in his hand also stopped.
"Siona...? What's wrong?"
"Well... no, it's nothing.It's a bit of a song..."
She said that and breathed in, "Uh...."
and began to sing again????
"...oh, what?I wonder what pitch it was..."
"Shio... Na...?"
"Haha... that's strange, even though it's a song I loved so much, wait a minute, I'll remember it right away..."
Shiona closed her eyes and tried many times to start singing from the broken place.
But the investigation that flowed out of his mouth was quite different from what I knew.
"What's the matter with you?"I can't remember my brother's song...
"Siona!? Is there anything wrong with your body?"
I was a fool.After all, it was all about myself.
She was kind and cherished by Ziona, satisfied with it, spoiled... I didn't think about her.
When I left town, I was caught in an explosion that would lose my artificial skin on my arm.
"Siona! You were really seriously injured at the time of that explosion!"
Shiona thought a little before shaking her head.
"That was all right, yes,"
Siona -- Phyloids don't lie.
But I think about Ningen and hide my words.
Now that she said she was all right, I guess there was no damage from being involved in the explosion.
As she said -- "That's."
"... Ziona, will you show me your poor health?"
"...yes,"
At my urging, Siona hesitated once and nodded.
Suddenly, I tried to turn my eyes away in shame, but what was there wouldn't take my eyes off me.
Ziona's white, taut chest.
There was a small hole in it.
"That's..."
Forgetting that it was a woman's body, I approached the wound.
This is a gunshot wound.
I immediately remember when Mad protected me from Ningen at his shop.
"I got it right... there it was..."
"I was wondering if it would be all right, but I guess it wasn't."
Siona, like a mischievous child, stuck out her tongue and laughed, without showing any sign of inferiority.
I know it's a smile to keep me from feeling guilty.
Until this time, they think about me.
"...look, search!"MODA-117 Alice mk-17 Maintenance Manual!"
The tablet glows palely in response to my voice.
But Shiona covered the screen with her hands.and shook his head slowly.
Keep smiling.
"It's my body.I know it best."
"But... there might be a way!"If you could tell me earlier..."
--no, there is a reason why I didn't tell you.
Siona knew she had a fatal injury that she would not be able to fix.
Where I struggled, it was a constant reality.
It's disgusting to put it into words.
The word "death" floated in my head.
No matter how much I don't want to think about it, I can't help but think about it.
"I know. I'm going to die soon.Should I say 'break' because it's a philloid?"
No, Shiona.
You're not going to break down.
I'm going to die.
"Haha, I think I'm a little out of my mind, I don't feel strong..."
I thought I was going to drop my shoulders, but Ziona fell to the floor.
"Siona!"
When I take it in a hurry, I hug it to be as comfortable as possible.
I wonder how long it's been like this.
Why didn't I notice...
"Does it mean that I'm going to be broken... but can I fix it...?
"It's okay... Siona is Siona..."
"Haha... you know, now... I'm a little scared..."
"Siona... Siona... Hmm..."
"Don't cry, Ray.That's going to make Tipy laugh."
Shiona's hand reaches my cheek.
It was my second tear that she paid me with her fingertips.
"I don't want Ray to turn blue...I want you to always be orange and fluffy...
sad
I'm filled with tremendous sadness.
It multiplies infinitely in my heart and I don't know how to stay.
As time goes by, the sadness becomes darker.
Why am I sad?
That kind of answer will come out soon.
It's because it's important.
He was important to me.
Even if a filoid of the same appearance appears in front of you, that doesn't make sense.
It doesn't matter if it looks different.
As long as it's you inside.
"Ray... I thought you were a family.There's a saying that I looked like my brother, but that's not all.I thought you were important."
My family.
It's something that we can trust and help each other without any benefit.
It's love.
The feeling that I wanted before I knew it.
I was aware of that feeling before I knew it.
All the time... I've been given it all the time.
It's a natural feeling to walk with someone in life.
"What's wrong with you, Ray... don't look so sad...Yes, let's sing a song, and go back to the square... and everyone will be happy."
"... Ziona...?
"I have made a promise to you said.Ray made us all smile, and he made me feel happy."
It's a memory of a happy time.Memories of our happy days in town.
It's probably the turbidity of the memory area.
But...
"... well, let's sing.Everyone is looking forward to it."
I turned the handle of the music box on the floor.
a melody that begins to flow quietly.
Shiona loosens her cheeks, closes her eyes, and starts singing.
I closed my eyes and listened and looked back.
It's not a long time, but the sight of that town I spent.
The man walking down the street stopped and turned around.
One by one, they gathered in the square.
Children, old people, mothers, and their husbands all smile.
So that I can get drunk on the melody that Shiona sings.
I'm sure that scene was a matter of course in the distant past.
Ningen and Philoid were both smiling and cuddling together.
We forgot... it's a matter of course that we lost...
"Hey, Ray... keep laughing."
"...yes,"
"You can be sad or angry...But... laugh after that."
"Well... if love has a shape, it must be a round shape.Because love never hurts anyone."
I held back my tears and laughed.
"Well... if love has a temperature, it must be warm.Because love warms you up as if you're wrapping it up."
"Yes... I'm sure so."
"Because of love, Ray is not sad, because love is protective and doesn't hurt Ray.I promise. No matter what happens in the future, our love will protect Ray."
I shed so many tears that I felt pain in my eyes.
The field of vision is distorted.
But among them, only Shiona's smile was clearly visible.
"So don't cry.Love will always be by your side.Because love is eternal.You don't have to cry, for it's eternal."
I put my hand on Shiona's hand, which was resting on her cheek.
It was warm, but there was little strength left.
It's like something is spilling out of my hand.
I knew what was spilling over.
But I didn't want to admit it.
Hold hands tightly and hope they don't spill.
I can hear a song.
The warm melody that Shiona always hummed.
It enters the gap in my heart that was beginning to fade and fills me with warmth.
"I'm sorry, I left you alone again."
"--! That's not the case.That's not the case!"
I felt like scratching my head.
It was not until now that I realized it.
Shiona was not afraid of breaking down.I was afraid of being alone again.
"I... got a lot of drinks from Ziona...!"
"Ray?"
I hold the hand of Shiona's machine in Ningen's hand.
Yes, until I met Ziona, I was neither Ningen nor Philoid.
She kept cuddling with me -- I was able to be a ningen.
"There's always Ziona in me, not the other.Joy, sadness, anger... I got it all from you.I'll never forget it."
Oh... no, I have to laugh here.
I have to reassure Shiona, but my feelings don't forgive me...
No matter how hard you try, tears well up in your sorrow.
"So, Siona, don't look so sad.It's all right with me.It's definitely all right."
"Well... then, I guess it's all right."
Siona nodded satisfactorily.
"Well..."
Shiona squinted bewilderedly.Then transparent drops began to cover his eyes, as if they were being pushed out of his eyelids.
"I'm sure that's not true..."
I said in a trembling voice, smiling reassuringly to Ziona.
Now that I'm used to ningen, I understand the meaning of those tears.
Shiona seemed to notice it right away and smiled back.
"Tears... used to flow when you were happy."
Shiona slowly loses strength from her body.
Are you laughing at me?I...
I wonder if she can smile so that she doesn't feel uneasy.
"...see you later,"
"...yes, see you later."
Whizzing.
Shiona closed her eyes.
At that moment she had probably the most beautiful face she had ever seen.
and then she never opened her eyes again.
That calm face looks as if it were smiling.
as if praying for my happiness.
But there is no happiness in a world without Ziona.
My future life is the life of hell itself.
Can you stand it?
...no, I have to put up with it.
It's tight enough to make my chest feel uncomfortable.
All the emotions creak around the body.
Is my heart so fragile and weak?
Is it this painful and painful to lose someone important?
"Oh... oh... oh...!!!"
My vision turned white, and I cried out and lamented as if to destroy the world.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
said Siona,
It is true that Ziona's love may last forever.
But I couldn't stand it.
I know, this is the feeling.
What Shiona gave me.
This pain, this sorrow.
But that's not all.
The warmth that lingers in my heart and memories of everyone who can proudly say that it was fun.
It was all given to me by Ziona.
Both are mine now.
Either way, I'll never let go.
How long has it been?
How much time does Ningen need to organize his feelings?
I... remembered the time I met Ziona over and over again.
It's about the meal we ate together.
It happened when we woke up in the morning and exchanged greetings.
The two of us went shopping.
I went to the abandoned factory and worried about it.
He was very happy when the music box was fixed.
I sang a song in the town square and was surrounded by smiles.
I made an appointment...
I knew the warmth.
I knew the joy.
Sometimes I felt angry.
I shed tears of sadness.
And... I got love.
No... it was all love.
This tragedy is caused by the stupidity of Ningen, who has lost his love.
Ningen is hopelessly selfish.
I'm going to repeat the same thing...
Still, you'll need someone.
This is instinct. I wanted to see Ningen when I woke up here.
It's a love-seeking instinct that wants to cuddle with someone and walk.
I can't even notice such a simple thing...
I look at the cold sleep device right in front of me.
Some of them were still in good working order, and Ziona and Tipy were laid down respectively.
Originally intended for ningen, this should be able to reduce aging a little.
I wanted to save them even a little.
I muttered in front of them, who looked as if they were only asleep.
"Siona, Tipy... I'm going."
There's no answer.
There can't be.
But I went on.
"I'm going on a journey now.Don't worry, it's not a purposeless trip.I'm going to find a world where Ningen and Philoid can coexist."
It was the wish of the excluded young Ningen.
If there is a world where ningen and phyloid coexist, this sadness will not occur.
If there is a world where ningen and phyloid coexist, there is no greater joy.
That's why I'm going to look for it now.
`And if it weren't for the world -- '
clench one's iron fist with one's raw palm.
"--no, there is always one.There is always a world that you have tried to leave in Ningen."
It will be extremely difficult to find it.
But I have the knowledge that Tipy gave me.
And there is an emotion that Shiona gave me.
There are partners in this world who continue to convey their love.
So the journey ahead is not a journey of despair.
"I'll borrow this.Someday I'll be back in return."
Shiona's brother's music box in my hand.
Turn the steering wheel in front of sleeping Ziona and let the melody of peace ring.
I felt as if I could hear her song to the melody.
"Well, I'll be back,"
A world where Ningen and Philoid can join hands.
I took that step.
" Even so , I remained hopeful and continued to reach both arms toward the light . "
"Are you awake?"
"...here...?"
"You have just woken up from a long sleep, do you know your name?"
My name is...
"Moda-117 Alice mk-17 made by Aso International.No individual name has been set."
"The settings seem to have been initialized.You can stay Alice for a while.'
The man in front of me held out an old wooden box in front of me.
"Is this...?"
"It was in the device you were sleeping with."
receive the boxI felt very nostalgic.
When I opened the lid, it was a dull golden disk.When I turned the handle that came out from the side of the box, a clear tone began to play.
It is a very beautiful melody in which metal combs are played gently.
"It's been played for a long time."
a melody that is not recorded in my record.
It's supposed to be, but I miss it very much, it's warm, and it makes my heart warm.
And at the same time...
Hot stuff spills out of my eyes.
"We have confirmed the runaway emotional function.Maintenance may be necessary."
"No, you don't have to.You should treasure that feeling....only knowledge was left to be transferred, but it took a long time to recover the technology to make it work, I'm sorry."
Men talk to me gently.
I feel nostalgic about his expression.
It's not in the record--...my memory...
"For now. Shall we go home after finishing all the maintenance?"
"Where are you going?"
"It's a town,"
It was dazzling outside the facility.
The sky is blue and high.White clouds are moving slowly in various shapes.
Warm air filled the artificial heart and lungs.The gentle wind gently stroked my hair.
It was a natural sight.
For some reason, I miss this natural world.
And... for some reason, I feel very sad.
drive along a paved road
Every view from the window is beautiful.
It was overgrown with greenery.
Small fish jump on the surface of a beautiful stream.
In the sky, birds were singing and flying in harmony.
"Here we are,"
Walking through the gate was a town surrounded by white walls.
It was overflowing with people.
Ningen and Philoid are living their normal lives hand in hand.
My eyes are burning again at the sight.
"I'm sorry, but there's still a risk of emotional disorder.The rhythm pattern of the chest is not normal either."
"That's all right. I'm sure it's the right thing to do."
"Is that so?"If so, am I a defective product?"
"No, it's normal.You are closer to Ningen than any filoid."
The words were very pleasant to me as a philoid.
But I don't understand why they say so.
I gaze at the town that makes me feel nostalgic.
In one corner of the square, Ningen's children and their children's filoids play happily.
That's a photo shop.The owner of the Philoid store takes pictures of Ningen's family with a smile.
At a grocery store in the distance, Ningen was shopping, and the owner of the Philoid treated it bluntly.
"Welcome home, Sensei,"
A very cute girl, Philoid, runs up to me.
"Hello, I'm home.Have you been a good boy, Dorothy?"
"Yeah! I drew a lot while Sensei was away. See?"
The little girl smiled broadly and showed me the picture she would have drawn.
The people of the town were laughing in a circle.
The painting in crayons is so warm that just looking at it makes my heart warm.
It was a picture that made everyone feel happy.
"Huh? You..."
The girl looked up at me.
"Nice to meet you.Nice to meet you, Alice."
"Ali... Su? Hello, Alice.Dorothy is Dorothy because she's not registered."
"Yes, so am I,"
Unregistered filoid.What should I do if I don't have a main partner?
The man next to me patted me on the shoulder as if he had sensed my anxiety.
"What do you want to try?"
"...what can I do?"
`Can you sing, Alice?'
"Yes, sir.It's like this."
Dorothy closes her eyes and starts singing.
It was a little clumsy, but familiar.
"It's a song that's been sung for a long time.There's no one in the world who doesn't know."
The man said so and took the music box out of the car.
Open the lid and turn the handle projecting from the side of the box.
A clear sound is played and a gentle melody begins to play.
The townspeople gather to be attracted to the melody.
Everyone listens to the tone and makes a calm expression of calmness.
I know this scene.
A memory area that is supposed to be white -- a small breathing memory in a deeper part of it gently pats my chest.
My mouth moved naturally.
The song I was supposed to sing for the first time was familiar to my throat, lips... my heart.
I miss the melody of the music box that fills the square.
"Wow, it's so pretty.It's good luck."
"Yes, this song is... very important."