―The air moves.
The bluish-white light that had enveloped me until then faded away.
Before long, I saw a dingy ceiling.
Her right arm, which was pointing at the spot, was a little different from the left arm that was also extended.
My right arm is made of mechanical parts that are exposed from the wrist down.
My fingers move smoothly, but with each movement, the sound of metal scraping rang out softly.
Next, I slowly raise my upper body.
From that, I can tell that the source of the bluish-white light in my field of vision is an oval lid with a gentle curve.
Looks like I was sleeping inside this capsule-shaped thing.
Where am I?
I wonder who I am.
Why am I here?
Even if I asked myself, I couldn't find an answer.
Even if I try to go back in time, all I have are memories of the blue-white light.
I got out of the capsule and started walking around the room, searching for clues about my memories.
Even though I know what it means to walk, it must have been a while since I've done that, because I can't move my feet.
I take care not to collapse as I slowly walk forward.
The air is lukewarm, and every time I breathe air into my lungs, dust gathers in my throat.
There's light coming from the hole in the ceiling, and the dust in the air is exposed along with it.
There probably hasn't been anyone in this building for a long time.
A thin layer of dust spreads at my feet.
I wonder what this place is supposed to do.
Countless oval capsules dotted the spacious room.
Most of them are open.
It's empty inside.
There were some things that were closed from time to time, but there was nothing inside.
Looks like I'm the only one in this room.
No, to be precise, that's not it.
There are people who are leaning on oval objects or lying on the floor.
But that's not it.
That's not a person, to be precise.
It would be more accurate to call it a humanoid object.
The human-shaped object had mechanical parts peeking out from under its skin.
From the neck up, it's a mechanical part.
The machine's arm is exposed.
The lower half of her body had been torn off, and the mechanical part was visible.
That's when I remembered something about that humanoid object.
Human partners made for Humans.
She's close to a Human, equipped with not only her senses, but emotions as well.
I reached out to the now-active Phyllod.
The bare hands that weren't covered in skin were very similar to my right hand.
This is a factory.
I was built here.
...However, the facility must have been abandoned for some reason just before it was completed.
I stare at the machine's right hand before it's covered in artificial skin and come to the most likely conclusion.
Understanding my own existence, I started walking toward the wall.
There's an old automatic door, and the LCD panel labeled CLOSE is gathering dust right next to it.
I touched it with my mechanical hand.
The moment I felt something cold, like electricity, on my fingertip, which wasn't bleeding, the door opened with the word 《OPEN》.
Will I be able to get out of here?
I wonder if anyone's still in this facility.
I wanted to see you.
I wanted to see Humans.
Let's go look for my partner.
I pushed open the door leading outside.
To prove my own existence.
When I got home, I was the first to head to the living room.
There's a broken music box.
I unrolled the books I'd borrowed from the library and studied their structure.
Just as I thought, the gears inside are locked.
That's why no matter how many times I turn the handle, the disc won't turn, and no sound flows.
...But what should I do with these gears?
Is it possible to make it according to the size of the book? No, it's impossible.
Unable to find an answer, I proceed to the page of the book.
At the end of the volume, there was a list of products by manufacturer and the parts used.
As I skimmed through it, my eyes fell on a certain spot.
What I learned was that the music box maker was making clocks.
If that's the case, then the precise parts might be the same as the clock.
Suddenly, I remember what I destroyed at Mud-san's shop.
That watch......if you throw it away without using it......
If I use the cogs and other parts inside the clock, I might be able to fix the music box.
「Ray, what are you doing?」
As soon as I saw the possibility of repairs, Shiona entered the living room.
「Shiona, listen. The music box might be fixed using the parts of the clock in Mud-san's shop.」
「Really? Really?」
Shiona looked even happier than usual.
Judging from her expression, I can tell that she's happy.
「But don't overdo it. Even if there's no music box, you can still sing.」
Shiona picked up the music box and began to sing.
That song I was singing in the chapel.
That song was somehow nostalgic.
That song warms my heart.
As Shiona gazed lovingly at the music box, my resolve grew even stronger.
I want to fix this music box.
And I want Shiona to be happy.
That thought swelled inside me.
「I'll go to Mud-san's store again tomorrow.」
Let's see if she can give me the watch somehow.
But there was one thing that bothered me.
That means I destroyed the clock.
I apologized, but it was still hard to go anywhere.
The thought of Mud-san yelling at me again terrifies me.
「You know, I want to make lots of people smile with Onii-chan's song.」
I hesitated, but Shiona's words reached me.
「This song is orange... I'm sure it will turn the hearts of all kinds of people orange. It's a song made with the wish that it will happen. Because that's your wish, Onii-chan. That's why I want so many people to hear this song. And I want to make many people smile. That is my wish. 」
Shiona spoke as if talking to herself.
Those words give me the push I need.
Let's go to Mud's store again tomorrow.
And then, I apologized again for breaking the clock.
Shiona's singing voice and music box strengthened my resolve.
The next day, I visited Mud's store alone.
I can't count how many times I thought about turning back on the way.
Every time I think that, it's Shiona's smile that passes by.
I want to see that smile forever.
That's why I want to fix the music box.
I thought back to yesterday's decision over and over.
What I can do for Shiona.
I steeled myself and stepped into Mud's store.
「How dare you come here?」
A moment later, Mud-san's low voice rained down like thunder.
I wanted to run away right away, but I didn't.
「I wanted to apologize more for what happened yesterday.」
「You mean the clock? I already apologized for that.」
「You were there at the time... so I thought I'd apologize by myself.」
「I don't need that. Hurry up and go home.」
「I can't do that. I'm really sorry for breaking the clock yesterday.」
「No matter how much I apologize, the clock is still broken. Go home.」
「I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.」
I kept my head bowed as I apologized.
How much time had passed?
Eventually, Mud-san's soft voice reaches me.
「...Raise your head.」
I did as she said and found Mud-san's somewhat exasperated face there.
「Geez... What a bastard. He's so persistent.」
「I'm sorry...」
「Don't apologize anymore. I'll blow you up!」
She says that, but she doesn't seem to be as angry as she was yesterday.
I thought I heard a small sigh.
「You're done here, right? Hurry up and go home.」
「Umm... I have a favor to ask of you.」
「A favor? You've got some nerve asking me for help.」
I flinched at the intimidating aura, but Shiona's words gave me a push.
「Could you... let me have that watch?」
「...Try saying it again.」
「Umm... You gave me the watch from yesterday――」
「Don't mess with meeeeeee!!」
I froze upright from the impact, as if lightning had struck me directly.
「You broke it yourself and then gave it to me? Don't get carried away!」
I can't take it anymore...
I can't take any more...
Just as I was about to run away, I heard a voice from behind me.
「Wait, Mud-san. Ray just wants to fix my brother's music box.」
Shiona was waiting for me at home.
Shiona entered between me and Mud without a shred of fear.
「My brother's music box was broken, and Ray said he'd fix it for me. That's why I just want the parts. I'm really sorry for breaking the clock yesterday. So, will you forgive me?」
Shiona kept smiling as she told Mud-san.
「Nn... nnnn...」
Mud's face was bright red, but her expression gradually softened.
「But there's no longer that watch. I threw it away. It's just...」
Mud-san turned her back to us, but kept moving her mouth.
「The abandoned factory on the outskirts of town was abandoned there. I don't know what happened after that.」
With that, Mud-san sits down facing the wall.
「Mad-san, thank you very much.」
Shiona's smile never faltered as she bowed and left the store.
「Th-Thank you very much...」
I also bowed and left the store.
「The abandoned factory is right next to where Ray was lying.」
As soon as I left the store, Shiona told me.
「Um, are you saying Shiona went to throw out the trash?」
「That's right. There's trash gathering there from all sorts of places.」
「Could it be that you're fixing what you found and selling it here?」
「Yeah. Mud-san often goes to that place.」
I see, so that's why there's so much old stuff in the store.
They must have brought us something we can use from that place and were reusing it.
Anyway, I decided to head to the abandoned factory.
「Shiona, if you don't mind, could you show me the way there?」
「I'm sorry. Red children are supposed to come to my house today.」
She must be talking about those girls who were talking to Shiona yesterday.
Come to think of it, I promised to treat her to some soup.
「But Ray, you can't be alone. I'll go turn down the promise I made to the children.」
「No, it's okay, Shiona. Keep your promise.」
「But how do you get there?」
「I'll go to the library. I want to know what's around here, so I'd like to look at the map.」
「The library...」
Shiona's expression clouded over a bit.
「Huh? ...No, it's nothing. ...Hey, Ray. Are you attached to Ray?」
「I'm not sure. I don't think she hates me, but why?」
「No, it's nothing. I'm sure there's a map of the library. Take care.」
「Yeah, I'll do that. See you later, then.」
I turn around and head to the library.
At that time, I saw Shiona's smile, and it seemed like it was filled with sadness.
But I don't know why.
「Ray, you came.」
Tipi was crying in the same place as yesterday.
「Yeah, I'm here. Hey, Tippy, can I ask you something?」
「Is there a map of the town in this library?」
「Yeah, I do. There's a lot of them.」
「That's good to hear. Can you show me where the map is?」
「It's fine... but...」
There's something wrong with Tippy.
「No, that's not it... It's just...」
「Will you... play with me?」
Tippy blushes a little.
Her expression doesn't change, but her cheeks seem to soften a little.
「...Bark? You mean the one we did yesterday?」
「Yeah... Can't I?」
「It's not bad. Come on, come here.」
「Yeah... Yeah...」
I spread my arms wide, and Tippy stands up and jumps into my chest, looking somewhat hesitant.
Unlike yesterday, I ended up carrying her.
But my thoughts are the same.
She's so small, so soft that it feels like she's going to break.
「Tipii, are you okay with this?」
「Yeah, it's okay. Ray... It's warm.」
Tippy rubs her cheek against my chest.
The gesture warmed the depths of my heart.
Could this be the feeling of love?
I want to protect this girl.
I want to stop these tears.
For a while, I hugged Tippy.
「Hey, stay over there like this.」
Tippy points her finger at the corridor in my chest.
Holding her in my arms, I headed in the direction indicated by her fingertips.
「Why are you here, Chizu?」
「Apparently there's an abandoned factory near town. I wanted to go there.」
「Why are you doing this?」
「There might be the parts we're looking for there.」
「Were you watching us yesterday?」
「Yeah, that's right. I want to fix your music box no matter what.」
「Shiona's... I see. I hope you find it.」
Still being held by me, Tippy goes all the way to the bookshelf where the map books are stored without hesitation.
「Don't tell me you remember which books are where?」
「Yeah, pretty much.」
「Amazing... Did someone teach you?」
「No, I'll do it alone while I'm waiting for Mom and Dad.」
When I say Mom and Dad, Tippy's eyes tear up a little.
「Umm... Is this it?」
To change the subject, I took out a map book.
I sit down and open the book.
Just like the music box book, the map was also handwritten.
Could it be that all the books in this library are handwritten?
If that's the case, then there's quite a lot.
Who could have written this many books by hand?
I feel like I'm going to pass out from this endless work.
「It's pretty worn out... How old is this book?」
「Umm... I don't know. It's the truth forever and ever.」
It felt like a map from decades ago.
The building itself looks the same as the current townscape, but...
The pages are so faded they look like they've spilled tea.
Some of them are stuck to me, and I feel like they'll tear if I roll them up.
I proceed carefully through the pages.
「Ah, could this be it?」
To the north of town, I found the factory's map symbol.
Judging from the direction of Shiona's house, it's likely that this is the place.
「Ray... are you leaving? Don't go...」
Tippy clung to my neck.
I patted her small back again and again with my hand.
「Don't worry, I'll come again.」
「Really? Will you really come again?」
「Yeah, of course. I promise.」
「No matter what, you have to come again, okay?」
「Yeah. Absolutely, absolutely.」
Again and again, I make a promise with Tippy.
I wonder why.
Even so, I didn't want to leave.
The desire to always be by Tippy's side is boiling inside me.
I hid my feelings and left the library.
When I entered the abandoned factory that relied on the map, the smell of oxidized oil reached my nose.
This factory probably used to make Phylloid arms and legs too.
Phyllod arms and leg parts are lying all over the place.
All of them were before the artificial skin was covered, and the mechanical parts were exposed.
When I look closely, I can tell that it's made the same as my right hand.
Even though I knew it was a fake, this scene was bizarre.
I used my right hand to push her off the ground.
The sad sound of metal clashing against metal echoed through the factory.
I'll come here if something happens to break my body.
There's a mountain of replacement parts here.
There were a number of oil drums filled with oxidized oil lying in the back.
It's mostly oxidized, but some of it is unopened.
If we run out of oil, we'll be able to perform maintenance here without being seen.
The further we went into the factory, the more the worries I had in the corner of my mind disappeared.
This abandoned factory should be an important place for me.
But I can't find anything important.
Of course, it's the watch that Mud threw away in this place.
But this factory doesn't have anything that looks like garbage, let alone a clock.
Could it be that the trash is being thrown outside instead of inside the factory?
I left the factory for the time being and went around the perimeter.
When I did, I was able to find a high-pitched area of mechanical parts behind the factory.
Not only are there mechanical parts, but there's also a lot of trash thrown away.
I'm sure this is the garbage dump in this town.
Besides Mud-san, I'm sure there's someone else who's brought something useful with them.
That's what I thought as I looked up at the mountain, which was several times my height.
「...Now then, where is it?」
There's quite a lot of trash.
It takes a lot of effort to find it.
But there's no other way.
I immediately started searching from below.
I don't know how long it took.
My sense of time was long gone.
I moved the mud-covered metal plates and oil-smeared containers, so my hands were stained with mud.
There was oil all over my clothes, and before I knew it, there were a lot of stains on them.
After that, I crossed the carpet of trash, swam across the river of filth, and was hit by a waterfall of scrap.
And finally, I found it.
It was in Mr. Mud's shop.
I destroyed it yesterday.
That watch.
I pick it up and stare at the needle on the board.
Of course, it didn't move.
I try putting my ear to the main body, but there's no sound.
It's only natural, since I destroyed it.
This clock will probably never tick time again.
That fact stabbed deep into my chest.
I gently hugged the clock and headed home.
Shiona greeted me gently.
「I'm home. There it is.」
I held out the spoils of war stained with oil, and Shiona smiled gently.
「You're right. Thank you. Come on, get changed.」
Shiona prepared a towel and a change of clothes for me.
After wiping off the dirt and finishing changing, I headed to the living room.
Once again, Shiona welcomed me in.
「Ray, you're tired, aren't you? Eat and rest.」
「No, I'm fine. I want to get to work right away.」
「Are you okay? I'm worried about Ray's health.」
「I'm fine. Strangely enough, I don't feel tired right now.」
「But if I don't eat...」
「Yeah, I know. I'll eat it later, so eat it first.」
「...Okay, got it. Good luck.」
Shiona left the living room.
I watched her go and started working.
I open the book I borrowed from the library beside me.
In this music box, gears of various sizes, large and small, intertwine in complex ways by turning the steering wheel, and the disk rotates at a fixed speed.
It seems that the faster you spin it, the faster the song gets.
I thought it was an amazing technique.
I followed the instructions in the book from the opposite direction, and dismantled the music box.
And when I cross-referenced the parts one by one, I realized that the cogs along the way were broken.
If you move with the utmost precision, you'll lose control of a single small part.
I couldn't help but look at my right hand.
Anyway, let's find something that's the same size as this broken cog in the clock.
Next, I began to disassemble the clock.
I remove the lid and use the screwdriver to undo the screw.
When I removed the cover, the structure inside was exposed.
There are several gears that are far more precise than the music box.
One of them is a slightly larger part of the cogs that's broken. Because of that, the parts won't turn.
This must be where I destroyed it yesterday.
The fact that Mud-san threw away this watch means that there's nothing the same size as this cog.
Fortunately, the broken gear wasn't the size of the music box.
I don't feel comfortable breaking things down.
I'm destroying this clock to fix the music box.
Is it because I know what kind of existence I am?
I hesitated, but I at least took the watch apart as carefully as I could.
I place the gears of the clock on the table one by one, comparing it to the music box.
「...There it is.」
I was able to find a cog of roughly the same size.
All that's left is to follow the book and transplant it into the music box.
「I think I'll be fine now...」
With this, the disk should work without any problems.
I put the lid back on, turned the handle, and felt it.
But I couldn't turn the wheel any further.
I wonder why.
I reread the book.
There's no problem with the parts or the positions they're in.
Twisting my head, I took the lid off again.
Then, I try turning the wheel.
It's true that the gears fit together perfectly.
But since it hasn't been used in a while, the oil seems to have completely dried up.
That must be the reason why the steering wheel won't turn.
What should I do?
Should I go to Shiona and get some cooking oil?
...No, that's a problem too.
Oil used in cooking and lubricating gears are probably different kinds of oil.
It might move at first, but it might cause a malfunction.
So, what should I do...?
I suddenly looked at my right hand.
It's covered in gloves, but underneath it are exposed mechanical parts.
How about using the oil I'm using?
I take off my glove and take a good look at my right hand.
The exposed mechanical parts.
Oil has been incorporated into the body to move the parts smoothly.
I inserted the screwdriver into the palm near the base of my thumb.
When I removed the exterior, it was packed full of wires, cylinders, shafts, and other machinery for moving the hands.
Oil is contained in one of the cylinders.
And it's been changed to make it easier to change the old oil.
I removed the cylinder with my left hand and dribbled the oil on top of the music box's gear.
I extend the oil with my fingertips, trying to get used to all the gears.
Will it work?
I put the cylinder back in my right hand and turned off the exterior.
I hid the machine's arm with my glove and gingerly turned the handle.
At first, it was awkward. But as I turned the wheel, the gears lubricated.
The oil must have passed through the gaps in all the gears, because the steering wheel kept turning without a hitch.
And then, that melody began to play.
「Ray, that song...!」
Shiona suddenly came into the room.
「Yeah. It's fixed, Shiona.」
「Thank you... Thank you, Ray. Thank you... I'm very, very happy.」
Shiona smiled at me like I'd never seen her before.
Just looking at her smile warms my heart.
And then, I realized...
Ah, so this is it.
Is this the feeling of happiness?
I'm happy right now.
She was delighted to see Shiona's smile.
And for the first time, I was able to feel that I was useful.
「Thank you, Ray. Thank you.」
Shiona took my hand and thanked me over and over.
I felt my face get hotter as I approached her.
「Thanks to Ray's hard work, the music box was fixed. I can listen to that song again, which I gave up on. This song that Onii-chan wrote, this song that I love so much...」
「Hey, Shiona, sing. Let's hear your brother's song.」
「Yes... Of course!」
I turned the steering wheel of the music box.
Shiona clasped her hands together in front of her chest and began to sing along with the melody.
The song I had sung when we met.
A song written by Shiona's brother.
An orange song.
I feel like I know what she means now.
The emotion in my heart is joy.
Shiona's song.
And Shiona happily sings.
Just looking at her fills me with joy.
Shiona seemed even happier than usual as she sang that song.
On that day, Shiona sang until she fell asleep.
I was also fascinated by her singing voice and tone.
Again and again, Shiona asked me to play a song.
Shiona had been singing so much that her arms were no longer moving.
That expression made me think.
I want to be with you like this forever.
If you wish for that, I can be with you forever.
But in order to do that, I absolutely mustn't be exposed.
Never, never......
That day, I made up my mind to be with Shiona forever.
A dark room at night.
On the two beds next to each other, Shiona spoke to me.
「Will you listen to my request?」
「You know, I want a lot of people to listen to this song. And I want to make them smile. I want this song that Onii-chan wrote to make all sorts of people happy.」
I know the words.
But I didn't know what it was.
I wonder if it's a condition.
Or maybe it's emotion.
I ruminated on the word happiness over and over in my head.
「And so, I want you to help me.」
「Help? What should I do?」
「Tomorrow, I want you to go to the plaza with me. And I want a music box.」
「So that's why you're going to sing.」
「Yes, that's right. And I want as many people as possible to hear it. That orange song that Onii-chan made...」
「Yeah, I want to too. Of course I'll help.」
I hear the sound of sheets rubbing against each other.
「What's wrong, Shiona?」
「Hey, Ray... Can we hold hands?」
I couldn't see Shiona's expression in the darkness.
But I feel like Shiona's face is turning red.
「Hands? With me?」
「Yeah, I want to connect with Ray... Can't I...?」
I searched the knowledge.
I know the act of holding hands.
But I don't know what that means for a man and a woman my age...
「No, it's okay...」
If Humans... If Shiona wants me, I want to do so.
Fortunately, she's on my left.
I don't think it'll be a problem if it's covered in artificial skin.
I reach out to the bed next to her.
Inside the cold room, my hand felt a little chilly.
I searched for Shiona's hand in the air.
The warmth of my touch.
Shiona put her hand on top of mine.
「You're so warm, Ray.」
「Yeah... You're warm, Shiona.」
We held hands.
For some reason, we intertwine our fingers.
It's not just the warmth coming from my hand, but the warmth spreading through me.
I wonder if this is the warmth of Humans, different from my artificial warmth...
「Ray... Harder.」
「...Like this...?」
「Sorry, did that hurt?」
「No... I was just stronger than I thought.」
「Are you okay with this strength?」
「Okay... Thanks, Ray.」
We held hands all night.
Until morning we woke up, we were still holding hands.
The next day, the plaza was overflowing with noise.
The melody that Shiona and I started playing.
Shiona sang.
I'm spinning Shiona's brother's music box.
At first, there was no one around.
However, as if drawn in by Shiona's singing voice, the number increased.
One or two people stop in their tracks, and a small circle quickly forms.
The circle quickly grew larger, and in the blink of an eye, the deserted plaza had become a bustling place.
Everyone there is listening to Shiona's singing.
The young couple leaned in close and held each other's hands.
The old man closed his eyes with deep emotion.
The young man stared at the woman a short distance away.
The young parents and children laughed happily together.
The children were moving their bodies in time with the song.
Each of us is listening to Shiona's song with our own feelings.
But there was one thing they had in common.
That means everyone's smiling.
Everyone smiled upon hearing Shiona's song.
When I felt that I was cooperating with the people here smiling, I felt a warmth in my chest.
This is the feeling of happiness.
The emotion I felt when I saw Shiona's smile yesterday.
That's exactly what happened.
I'm happy.
I felt my cheeks lift a little.
I bet I'm smiling, too.
She might look a little clumsy.
But I don't mind that.
If I could get even a little closer to Shiona, that would be enough for me.
The music box I just fixed continues to play the melody without a hitch.
The steering wheel is in good shape.
The sound coming from the disc echoes inside the crate and amplifies, turning it into a clear sound as it exits.
According to Shiona, it was an orange melody.
Shiona sang along with the melody.
I wished this time would last forever.
This is the time to make people smile.
And I wanted to watch Shiona sing happily from the sidelines.
I suddenly turn my attention to the library on the outskirts of town.
It felt like the closed curtains were shaking a little.
For a moment, I saw a small figure.
I know who it is.
That blue girl who's always crying.
It's Tippy.
She must be crying even now.
In that solitary library...
Just thinking about it makes my heart ache a little.
It's as if a thorn has been pierced.
How did Tippy feel as she gazed at this circle?
The ring of smiles continues to spread.
Everyone there smiled and shared the same sentiment.
I noticed that one of them was frowning.
The man with his arms crossed in anger is Mud-san.
He's so out of place that he can't help but feel anger on his face.
I suddenly have eyes for Mud-san, who's still harboring emotions I don't know about.
That's less than a second.
Mud-san immediately snorted and turned around, then disappeared into the crowd.
Seeing her like that, I thought...
I want to make everyone smile.
The two of them are expressing their sadness and anger.
I want to make Tippy and Mud-san smile.
But what should I do?
I kept thinking about that as I turned the music box's handlebars.
After the song ended, I headed to Mud's store alone.
Because I couldn't help but worry about that frown on her face.
I cautiously step into the dim, creepy store as usual.
There is no one here.
Mud-san is just sitting in a chair at the register.
She's just acting strange.
Unlike before, she wasn't slumped back in her chair.
I'm just staring at what looks like a small square chip in my hand.
Her expression is as stern as ever, but there's also a hint of loneliness in it.
「Umm... Mud-san?」
Mud hurriedly hid the chip in the palm of his hand.
「O-Ohhh, what do you want? Why did you come in here?」
「Aren't you free to enter because it's a store?」
「Don't be ridiculous! You're such an insolent bastard to enter the store without my permission!!」
That's a very unreasonable thing to say.
「But if Mud-san didn't notice me coming in, he must have been really focused on that chip.」
「I'm talking about the chip you're hiding in your palm.」
「I'm not hiding anything like that!!」
「But I saw it. If you're not hiding it, then open your palms and look inside...」
「Shut up, get out! And don't ever come back!!」
I was pushed out of Mud-san's shop by her words.
I came here to make Mud-san smile, but he's doing the exact opposite.
Shiona was waiting in front of the store.
Her smile warms my heart a little.
「Huh? Why are you here, Shiona?」
「I was worried about where Ray was going, so I came after him.」
「I came here to make you smile, Mud-san. But I made you angry again...」
「Make Mud-san smile, huh...? That's a very difficult thing to do. So don't worry about it. Mad-san is always angry.」
「But today, I felt like you were more angry than usual.」
「More than usual? Did something happen?」
「I don't really get it, but I heard about the chip.」
「...Chip?」
「Yeah, it's a square chip big enough to fit in the palm of your hand. Mud-san just stared at it...」
I shaped the size of the chip in Mud's hand with my finger.
Shiona's eyes widened a little, as if she had an idea about the chip.
「Did you hear about that chip?」
「That's right. Then she suddenly got angry――」
「Yeah, yeah, I see. Ray, that can't be helped.」
「Can't be helped? What do you mean?」
「That chip is Mud-san's treasure.」
「Mud-san's treasure? What's inside?」
「There should be a movie made by Mud-san's son.」
「Your son's movie? Mud's son is a movie director?」
「Yes, that's right. That said, he left town a long time ago and hasn't come back.」
Shiona looked at the store as she said that.
She looks troubled, but her smile doesn't waver... with a strange mix of emotions.
「But why are you staring at the chip? You should just watch the movie.」
「That's impossible. This town doesn't have the equipment to regenerate that chip.」
「In that case, are you staring at me because you can't see me even if you want to?」
「I'm sure you're right. You're shy, though, so I won't say it out loud.」
At that moment, I thought of something.
How to make Mud-san, who was always frowning and angry, smile.
「No, it's nothing. Shiona, there's somewhere I want to stop, so go on ahead.」
「Somewhere you want to stop...?」
「Yeah, there's something I want to investigate.」
「...Library?」
Shiona looked surprised.
I wonder if she's worried about me, since I'm not used to the town yet.
「I promise I won't be late.」
Trying to ease the burden on Shiona's heart, I spoke clearly.
Shiona opened her mouth as if she wanted to say something, but quickly closed it.
And then, once. She bites her lip lightly for a moment, then smiles.
「...Okay. Be careful, Ray.」
I parted ways with Shiona in front of Mud's store and started walking alone through the town.
The library was still dim, and the air was stagnant.
I headed straight for the complex, maze-like complex without hesitation.
To the blue girl who's always crying...
「Ray, you came.」
As soon as Tippy sees me, she stands up and runs over.
I gently embraced her small body.
「Yeah, I made a promise.」
「Thank you, Ray. I'm so happy.」
Tippy buried her face in my stomach.
I can feel tears running down her clothes.
「Tipii, what were you doing?」
「Come here, Ray. It's an empty shell.」
With her hand in mine, I follow Tippy's lead.
There's drawing paper and crayons lying on the ground where Tippy was sitting.
There is a half-drawn picture on the drawing paper.
「Did you draw this, Tippy?」
「Yeah. I'm drawing little by little.」
With that, Tippy resumes painting.
I peer into the painting.
There's a picture of a girl singing and a boy spinning a music box.
「Tipii, could this be...」
「It's Ray and Shiona. They're singing in the plaza.」
As I thought, Tippy was looking at us through the curtain.
When I think of Tippy staring at us alone, for some reason, it hurts deep in my chest.
「Ray, what's wrong? Is something wrong?」
The girl's eyes are filled with sorrow as she looks up.
I place my hand on Tippy's head to comfort her feelings.
「Don't worry, it's nothing. You're really good at drawing.」
「Yeah... Thank you. I'm happy.」
As I pat her on the head, Tippy closes in on me.
But her face is fleeting and sad...
I wanted to see her smile from the bottom of my heart.
「You said you draw one each day, but do you have any other paintings?」
「Yeah, I do. Ray, come here.」
Tippy stands up, takes my hand, and invites me deeper into the library.
The painting was there.
Tippy must have put it up herself, because there's a bunch of pictures on the bottom of the wall.
「This is from yesterday. This is from before, this is from the other day...」
Tippy explains one thing at a time.
A picture of a young man and a girl holding hands.
A young man and another girl visit the girl.
And a picture of a girl crying all by herself.
Ah, I see.
This is Tippy's picture diary.
After that, there's a picture of a girl crying all by herself.
Ever since I came here, Tippy hasn't been alone.
The expression on the girl's face seemed to soften a little.
I'm sure it's just Tippy's emotions.
But it's still nothing more than sadness.
I wanted to make this girl smile too.
I wonder what I can do for that.
I can't think of an answer to that.
The only thing I can say is that I'll be by her side like this.
「Hey, Ray, what kind of book did you come looking for today?」
With a sad expression on her face, Tippy tugs on my sleeve and looks up at me.
「I'm looking for a device that can project images... Do you have any books that can tell that?」
「Yeah, I do. It'll be a little better from here.」
「Can you show me the way?」
「Yeah, it's fine. Here you go!」
And then, Tippy spreads her arms wide.
The teddy bear in my right hand hangs in the air.
「Let's play.」
I hold Tippy in my arms.
Just like last time, she rubs her cheek against my chest.
「Over there, Ray.」
I started showing her to the book I was looking for.
That book is on the second floor of the library...
It's a section of the shelf where the projector, projector, and other materials are gathered.
「I'm sure this is it.」
The books on the bookshelf were all handwritten, just like the music box books and maps.
However, there are quite a few types of projectors that use film or discs.
「What are you looking for?」
「It's about the size of a chip. Can you see it?」
I made the size of Mud-san's chip with my finger.
「Hmm... Makaku? Is there no other way?」
「I think... it's like the corners are missing diagonally.」
I didn't really have a good look at her, so I couldn't say with confidence.
But even though it's small, Tippy nods.
「Is that what Mud-san's chip looks like?」
「Yeah, it's the chip Mud-san was holding.」
I'm surprised that Tippy knows about Mud, but there's nothing strange about him being the owner of this town's general store.
Shiona knew about Mud's chip, so maybe everyone in town knew about it.
And it's probably a fact that Mud-san is stubborn and refuses to look inside.
「Umm... In that case... here.」
Tippy stands on her tiptoes and points at a book that's just barely within her reach.
「That's amazing, Tippy. So you do remember where all the books are.」
「Ehehe. You complimented me.」
Tippy presses her face into my stomach.
Patting her head, I picked up the book and checked its contents.
It looks more like an instruction manual than a book.
'Mum Inc. Projector' - detailed information on the types of media and chips that can be regenerated.
The interior structure and wiring were carefully written down as well.
It's like a projector that can display the contents recorded on a portable chip on a screen or on a white wall.
If I can find this device, I can show Mud-san the movie on the chip.
「Thank you, Tippy. I found the information I wanted.」
「...You're leaving already?」
Tippy looks up at me with a sad expression.
「...Yeah, sorry.」
「Nooo. Don't go.」
Was she trying to stop me from leaving?
Tippy hugs me.
That innocent warmth shook my resolve.
But I have to go.
For now, I want madsan to be happy.
Because I want to see Mud's smile.
「Tipii, I promise. I'll definitely come back tomorrow.」
「Tomorrow...? Really...?」
「Yeah, you're right. Let's hurry.」
「...You won't disappear?」
「Yeah, I won't disappear. I'll definitely come to see you every day.」
「...Okay. I'll be waiting.」
I leave the blue girl--Tippie--with the thought of having my hair pulled back.
「You're here again?! What are you doing here?!」
Mud-san's yell greets us as soon as we arrive.
I want to run away.
I want to cover my ears.
But I didn't.
Because I wanted to grant Mud-san's feelings.
「Mad-san, I have a favor to ask. Please lend me your son's chip.」
「That chip with your son's movie in it.」
「Why do I have to lend it to you? Don't be ridiculous!!」
「Please... Please.」
「Enough meddling! I'm a nuisance to you!」
「I... I want to be of help to Mud-san!!」
「Used?」
The sharp glint in Mud-san's eyes makes me start to feel fear, and my throat shrinks.
I can't put any strength into the movement of my knees, and I feel a fluffy sensation.
I want to run away right now... but I can't hesitate here.
「Shiona told me about that chip. She left town aiming to become a movie director for her son. That movie was sent to her by his son, right? But she couldn't watch it without that regenerative device. Am I wrong?」
In order to suppress my fear, I spoke quickly.
Mud looks at me with a slightly surprised expression, as if he's being pushed by the momentum.
「I just went to the library to see what equipment I can use to regenerate.」
「You... went to the library...?」
Mud looks even more surprised at the mention of the library.
「Yes... I'll look for a device that can regenerate that chip. Even if the regenerator is broken, I will fix it. If I can't find it, I can connect various parts together and make it.」
「Why are you going that far? It has nothing to do with you.」
「It may not have anything to do with it, but that's what I want to do.」
「I just want to be useful to Mud-san... That's all. So, please.」
Silence continued.
Is this an affirmative silence? Or...
「He was the worst stupid son ever.」
Mud-san sits down and looks up at the ceiling.
And then, with a sad expression, she starts talking to me.
All we did was fight.
When we meet face-to-face, all we can do is fight.
That's why, at some point, she started avoiding me.
No, maybe I was the one who avoided it.
Anyway, we don't see each other often anymore.
That's why I was surprised when she said she wanted to talk to me.
「I'm leaving this town.」
「Leave town? What are you talking about?」
「I'm going to leave this town and become a movie director. I really do like movies.」
「Stop talking about dreams and look at reality. It's impossible for someone like you to be the director. There's no way you can do it.」
「Don't assume it's impossible! You won't know until you try!」
「I know, I'm your dad. No one's going to watch a movie directed by a talentless director.」
「There are people who approve of me! They even gave me results! You just won't accept it!」
「I can't even dream if I'm in a town like this!」
「In a town like this? Say it again.」
「I'll tell you as much as you want. I can't stand the thought of living in a place like this for the rest of my life.」
「Cut it out...」
「I'll tell you as much as you want! You're afraid of changing!」
「Ever since my mother died, I've been doing the same thing every day...」
I hit her without thinking.
「.. That's how I always resort to violence. I've already done enough.」
「...Okay, get out of here.」
「Yeah, I'll do that. Keep doing the same thing here forever.」
My son left home.
Ever since then, she hasn't even contacted me.
The only thing I've given you is the movie on this chip.
How am I supposed to look at something without a regenerative device?
I can't forgive her for being so selfish.
I don't want to see a movie like this.
I don't want to see his face anymore.
I'm surprised at Mud-san's unusually talkative attitude.
The more I hear about those feelings, the more my feelings grow.
If Mud really doesn't like his son, then there's no need to keep carrying a chip that can't be regenerated forever.
If his son didn't like Mud, he wouldn't have sent a movie of his own.
I'm sure Mud wants to see this movie.
I think she sent that chip to Mud-san with some kind of feelings.
That's why I want Mud to see this movie.
I bowed my head again.
「Please! Give me the chip!」
Mud silently walks in front of me.
I was prepared to be yelled at, but I didn't feel afraid anymore.
More than that, I wanted to do something useful for Mud-san.
But Mud handed me the chip in his hand.
「Do as you please.」
I took another look at the chip I received.
It's a metal core covered in organic glass, with a rainbow-colored electronic circuit running through it.
That was in my knowledge too. A general-purpose chip used to back up Phyllod's memories.
Most manufacturers adopted this format because it became the world standard.
This way, it might be possible to regenerate even if it's not a mummy company projector.
I gripped the chip tightly and bowed to Mud-san.
An abandoned factory on the outskirts of town.
I stepped onto the pile of trash behind it.
If there was any device that could regenerate Mud-san's chip, I didn't think there was anything other than this abandoned factory.
If it had been inside the town, it would've regenerated a long time ago.
There's a lot of equipment mixed in with the trash.
Some of the wires have been cut off, and some of them have been rusted.
As far as I can tell, it's all useless.
It's unlikely that the projector is here. But I think we can at least find some kind of base or something.
Just like Mud-san said, I'll put the parts together so that I can regenerate the chips.
This is the only place I can rely on.
If I don't do something now, Mud-san will always be like that.
I won't let that happen.
I don't want that to happen.
With that in mind, I cut through the pile of scrap metal.
But no matter how much I searched, I couldn't find the device I was looking for.
I'm sure Mud's been looking for her too.
No... Maybe Mud's still looking for her.
Shiona had told me that Mud was fixing what he'd found in this dumpster and selling it at the general store.
Wasn't her real goal to find a projector to regenerate her son's chip?
If that's the case, I wonder how Mud-san feels when she couldn't find it until now......
I wonder what he was thinking when he picked up something else instead of the projector and repaired it...
I destroyed Mud's watch.
Ah... I see... That’s why Mud got mad.
That clock was in the process of retrieving something important to Mud-san.
This is just speculation. But, I want it to happen.
In that case, I wouldn't be able to easily find what Mud-san has been searching for all this time.
Even so, I won't give up.
Finding the projector would be my greatest sin against Mud-san for destroying the clock...
Just as I'm dragging a piece of equipment bigger than my body...
Something feels off in my right hand.
I feel a very small discomfort... The joints in my fingers are moving awkwardly.
Did the oil run out? Or did something go wrong?
It might not be a good idea to keep working like this.
I couldn't stop my hand from moving.
I'm sure Mud-san's looking for what she can see.
I looked up at the pile of scrap metal piled far higher than my own height.
I'm lighter than Mud-san, so I might be able to climb up.
As soon as I thought that, I began to climb a clumsy, unmaintained staircase.
I can feel water hitting my back.
Large raindrops rained down from the sky.
「Ray, let's stop.」
I hear a voice from below my feet.
When I turned around, Shiona was there.
She looks up at me, drenched in the rain.
「It's raining. You'll catch a cold at this rate.」
「I'm fine. I'll keep looking. Thanks.」
「Even if you can't find it, you worked so hard that Mud-san will be happy.」
「It's okay, Shiona. Just a little more.」
I continued my work.
Shiona spoke to me from behind.
「But you're already soaked. Let's stop. You're tired, aren't you? No one will blame you if you give up.」
To soothe her.
「Let's not worry about your health. It'll be sad if you get hurt, Ray. Giving up is also important.」
「There might be another way, so let's go home for today. I've prepared some orange powa powa soup.」
「Let's go home... Ray, let's... Hey, Ray... I'm worried about you...」
Even so, I continued.
I kept searching, unfazed by the falling rain.
I pulled out the rotting iron plate.
At that moment, a small avalanche of scrap metal erupts.
With a thunderous roar, the scrap metal pierced my feet, and I retreated to avoid it.
「Watch out, Ray!」
When I heard Shiona's voice, I turned around and saw a pile of scrap metal raining down from behind me.
There was an avalanche in the mountains behind us as well.
Feeling like I was being swallowed up, I somehow managed to run up the crumbling scrap heap.
After a while, the avalanche died down, leaving only the sound of the rain.
「Are you okay, Ray? Are you hurt?」
「Yeah, somehow... that was close.」
「It's true... I'm glad you're safe...」
Shiona let out a sigh of relief.
I stood up to prove that I was safe.
「Ah... Ray, that's...」
Shiona's eyes widened as she pointed at my feet.
There's a familiar piece of scrap metal in the pile.
It's the same device that was in the book that Tippy showed me.
When I dug out and looked at the surface of the vessel, it said 『Mum』 in hoarse letters.
「Here it is... Shiona, this is it! Here it is!」
I lifted it up so that Shiona could see it.
The water that had been pooling inside started flowing out when it tilted.
「Yay, you did it, Shiona! I finally found you! Now Mud-san can watch the movie!」
「Yeah, but... I think that machine is broken...」
「Huh?」
At Shiona's suggestion, I brought the hand holding the device in front of me.
It's true that the device we found--the Mummy Company's projector--was clearly malfunctioning.
We don't have the lens part we need to project.
There's also a large crack in the top, and when I look inside, the foundation is covered in rust.
I can't project a movie with this.
「That's too bad... Ray, let's go home.」
Shiona held out her hand.
I put my hand on top of hers.
That warmth warmed my hand, which was cold from the rain.
By the time we got back to town, the rain had stopped.
Even so, my heart doesn't clear up.
Will I really be able to repair the projector with both hands?
I wanted to fix it, but now that I've seen this mess, my resolve is wavering.
「What's wrong? You're soaking wet like that.」
On my way back to the church, I was suddenly stopped.
I turn around to see the director of the photo studio who took a picture of me.
「I was just looking for something.」
「Something you're looking for...? I see. So, did you find what you were looking for?」
「Yes... but...」
「What's wrong?」
「We found it, but it's broken and useless.」
Shiona answered in place of me, who was depressed.
「I see. That's too bad. By the way, what were you planning to use that for?」
「Actually... I wanted to regenerate the chip that Mud-san is holding.」
「Mud-san? That's the chip your son sent you.」
「...Yes. I wanted to make Mud-san happy, since he's always angry...」
「Is that something you want to do from the bottom of your heart?」
The director asked gently, as if testing me.
「Yes, of course.」
I answered without hesitation.
「Mad-san... you always look so angry, and you look like you're in pain. I'm sure you'll smile if there's an opportunity. I think people can be happy if they smile. And I think other people who see it will be happy too.」
Having said that, I looked at Shiona.
「I... learned that from Shiona.」
Shiona looked surprised at my words, but soon smiled.
Yeah, that's the look on her face. Someone's smile makes the people around her happy.
The moment Shiona smiled at me, it warmed my heart.
「I see... Can you show me that?」
The director pointed at the projector I was holding. I silently held out the broken device.
The owner of the photo shop took a good look around the equipment.
「I see. This is uncouth. There are too many things I need to fix.」
When the director, who usually takes care of the cameras, says that, my heart feels like it's going to explode.
The director smiles wryly as he returns the projector to me.
「Ray, let's hurry home. You'll catch a cold.」
「Yeah. It'd be bad for your health if you stayed wet in the rain. You should go home and get changed for now.」
The director will be troubled if I keep this up.
Even if I'm fine, the Human Shiona will catch a cold.
Holding the projector, we bowed to the director and headed to the church.
When I returned to the church, Shiona wiped my head with a soft towel.
Gently, softly, and carefully, so as not to rub it.
「What a shame, projector.」
「...Yeah, but that place used to be a garbage dump, so it's only natural it'd be broken.」
I should be able to tell just by thinking about it. And yet, I wanted things to turn out in a convenient way.
If I wished for it, I could do something about it. If I did my best, the results would surely follow.
I realize that reality isn't that sweet.
「It can't be helped. Ray did his best, so no one will complain.」
「But... But I wanted to show Mud-san a movie.」
「Yeah... Ray, you're so kind.」
「It's not about kindness or anything. I just think that's my role.」
「But those feelings alone will make Mud-san happy. That's enough.」
「I hope so...」
「Let's warm up for now, shall we? I'll go put in a drink that'll make your body and soul feel better.」
Folding the towel that had wiped my head, Shiona smiled and headed to the kitchen.
I sat down and sighed.
I look at the broken projector on the table.
...No, there's no point in getting depressed.
It may be broken, but it's progressing a little from the point of view of nothing.
If we can fix this projector bit by bit, we should be able to regenerate the chip someday.
In the book I borrowed from Tippy, there was a way to disassemble it for maintenance.
I should be able to fix it if I untie it in order.
We just need to find the missing parts one by one at the factory.
I want Mud to smile. I want him to look as happy as Shiona did when the music box was fixed.
I steeled my resolve to fix the projector again.
Just then, I noticed that the church's main hall was bustling with activity.
「Excuse me.」
When I opened the door and peeked in, the director of the photography shop was there.
And on her back were even more townspeople.
「What's wrong?」
I asked in confusion, and the townspeople smiled as they held something out to me.
「These are the parts of our broken clock. Feel free to use them.」
「I thought this might be a good match for the wiring.」
「Use mine, Light.」
「No, Light, use mine.」
「We have plenty of tools here, so please use them as much as you want.」
Various electrical parts, wiring equipment, electronic circuits, gears and screws were placed on the table one after another.
As I stood there dumbfounded, unable to process the scene, the director smiled.
「...Um, what's this?」
「You're going to fix that projector, right? When I told everyone about it, they brought me something I thought I'd need. I'm sure there's something unnecessary inside, but you haven't made any smiles with the materials, have you?」
「But why...?」
「Everyone was moved by your music and your songs. They wanted to thank you no matter what. ...And I'm one of them.」
The director took out a lens and handed it to me.
「This... It's a camera lens. Would it fit?」
I felt something warm deep in my chest.
And then, the warm thing gradually rises up.
Before long, the warmth reaches the back of my eyes, hot and hot.
I couldn't put the words together in my head. I wanted to say something, but my lips trembled.
Shiona, holding a steaming cup, gazed at me gently.
「Shiona... My chest feels so warm. I wonder why?」
「Ray, that's the feeling of 'happiness'.」
As she said that, she approached me and handed me a cup filled with a fragrant drink that filled my heart.
「Everyone's responding to Ray's desire to make Mud-san smile. Everyone wants him to be happy, with Ray at the center.」
「Wouldn't it be a bother..., even though I started doing it on my own?」
「If you think it's a bother, we won't all be able to smile like that.」
I take turns looking at the townspeople who brought the parts.
She held the parts in each hand, held them up so that I could see them, and smiled.
「...Thank you, everyone.」
Using the parts and tools I received, I began repairing it on the spot.
A lot of people helped me with the things I didn't understand on my own.
I remove the moisture, carefully scrape off the rusted parts with a Yasuri, and repair the severed electronic circuits with copper foil.
I used the tip of the heated screwdriver to correct the half-missing hand.
「No, no, that's not what I meant. It's like this.」
「No, no, it's like this here.」
「You two are different! This is definitely what we're doing here!」
Not like that, not like this.
The repairs were done by everyone, loud but lively.
And finally...
The repairs are complete in an unseemly state, covered in splinters.
「Thank you, everyone.」
「It's fine. In exchange, let me hear that song again.」
「The kids like it. Do it again.」
「Listening to him makes me feel better.」
「When I hear that song... I think I'll be able to remember the past...」
「I love that song! It's so fun!」
A clunky piece of equipment made by all of us.
It was a far cry from what I'd seen in books.
But there's only one projector in the world. We all made it together.
I couldn't have been happier.
Everyone there was genuinely happy about the completion.
「All that's left is to activate this test.」
When I was told to start the test, I looked around the room.
Come to think of it, I've never seen electricity in this town.
The photographer also used an analog camera.
「...Um, is there no electricity in this town...?」
At my question, everyone in the room suddenly looked surprised.
It's awkward, like I've touched something I shouldn't have.
Even the director, who proposed the test start, was silent.
「The library.」
Shiona was the one to break the awkward atmosphere.
「There's no electricity in this town, but there's still a power storage facility.」
「Is that the library?」
「Yeah, that's right.」
It's as if a ray of hope is shining through.
I felt my cheeks soften.
But even though Shiona's expression was supposed to be a smile, there was a sad look in her eyes.
The next day, I went to the library with Shiona.
I was holding a handmade projector I made with the townsfolk yesterday.
「I didn't know this device existed here.」
The counter in the library was equipped with a device that used sunlight to store electricity into portable batteries.
It seems to be the only device left in this town.
However, because the solar panels are decrepit, it's not possible to generate a large amount of electricity.
Electricity is precious to this town.
Despite my selfishness, the townspeople gave me permission to use something so valuable.
-I'll say that if you let me listen to music again.
But there's something that's been bothering me.
I felt like the library meant something special to the townspeople.
Everyone reacted yesterday. Now that I think about it, Mud's expression changed when I went to the library.
...No, I shouldn't make weird assumptions right now.
I took my eyes off the batteries, and looked at Shiona as I tried to hide the uneasiness in my heart.
「I'll have to have Shiona sing for me again.」
「Yeah, I'll sing with gratitude for everyone.」
Shiona gave me her usual smile.
Next to Shiona is Tippy.
She looks at Shiona with a slightly bewildered expression.
Come to think of it, this is the first time I've seen these two together.
「Tipii, how long do you think it'll take to recharge?」
「Umm... I think it's about the same as San-jippu.」
「I see. That's faster than I thought.」
「And you're the only one who can be with Ray?」
Tippy took a big detour around Shiona and hugged my leg.
Her sad expression didn't change.
But I can't help but feel a little less sad.
I pat Tippy on the head with the palm of my hand.
As I stroke her silky hair over and over, Tippy rubs her cheek against my leg.
「...Yes, you two. That's all.」
Shiona stepped in between me and Tippy.
「Ah... Ray, Ray...」
Hoping for me, Tippy reaches out.
But that hand won't reach me.
「Ray, wait...」
Shiona grabs me by the arm and takes me to the wall.
----Shiona's sweet scent tickles my nose.
「Ray, Tippy-chan's already a girl. Do you understand what this means?」
「I know. You're cute when you're so friendly.」
「That's not what I meant... I don't think it's a good idea to touch her too casually or get too close.」
「Why? I think it's fine if you're happy, Tippy.」
「That's not what I meant... I don't think it's good to touch girls your age so casually.」
「You're still just a kid, right?」
「Girls grow faster on the inside than they look. They've already developed a pink heart.」
「Pink...? What do you mean by that?」
「Pink is pink. That's why I don't think it's good.」
Unusually, Shiona's heart was in disarray.
She's talking to me with a smile, but her cheeks are puffed out a little.
Come to think of it, when I said I was going to the library, her smile hardened.
Shiona doesn't seem to think much of me getting along with Tippy.
Even now, it looks like she's competing with Tippy.
「...Hey, Shiona. Don't tell me that's what you call jealousy?」
Shiona's eyes widened as she gasped at my words.
She restlessly moves her gaze, refusing to look at me.
This is the first time I've ever seen her smile like this.
I reached out to touch Shiona's head.
「Huh? Ray...?」
Then, I gently stroke her hair, as if I'm doing it to Tippy.
「Wah... Wah, Ray, what's this all of a sudden? What's wrong?」
Unlike Tippy, Shiona's hair was silky and comfortable. It smelled good every time I stroked it.
That's the kind of hair that makes you want to touch it forever.
「R-Ray? It's kind of embarrassing for me, you know?」
「Ah, sorry. I was just wondering if this was a good idea.」
I don't really get what's going on, but seeing her like this warms my heart.
I'm filled with a joy I've known before.
「A-Anyway, let's not get too clingy. Okay? Promise me?」
「Yeah, if you say so.」
So I had no choice but to say so.
We return to Tippy's side.
Tippy looks up at us uneasily.
「What's wrong? Tippy, are you bad? Is that why you two are mad?」
Tippy furrows her brows sadly.
「Don't worry. It's nothing.」
「Really? Are you sure you're not mad? I mean, Ciona's mother... is hot.」
「Th-This isn't what it looks like, okay? I'm not stingy or anything.」
「Hmm... Okay, got it.」
Tears of relief flow down Tippy's face.
To be honest, I wanted to wipe those tears away with my fingertips, but I was sure Shiona wouldn't like that.
That's why I decided to hold back the urge.
I turn on the projector's power after it's recharged.
The low sound of a motor rang out, and the fans for exhaust heat began to turn.
The lights at the top are blinking to signal that I'm preparing to activate it.
It's been a while since I've seen an electric light. Shiona, Tippy, and I all stare at the flashing lights with unusual eyes.
「Umm......where to put the chips......」
The control panel on the side of the projector is broken and exposed.
There's a spot in the middle where the chip is inserted.
I slowly inserted the chip Mud had given me.
The projector flashes red on the readout light to check the data inside.
We watched her with bated breath.
After about ten seconds passed, the blinking interval between the lamps shortened to green lights.
「This means... you're okay, right?」
Anxiety mixed with arousal, and her voice grew louder.
「Yeah, the projector's fixed, and the data inside is fine.」
Shiona's words made my heart skip a beat. I could feel the corners of my mouth naturally rising.
I felt 'happy' from the satisfaction of accomplishing something new.
After we recharged the projector and checked the operation, we headed to Mud's store.
Tippy said she was sleepy and stayed in the library.
I wanted to see it with her, but Shiona told me not to push myself too hard.
「I wonder if Mud-san will like it.」
「Y-Yes... I'm sure she'll be happy.」
「I hope so. It's made by everyone in town, after all. Especially since it's filled with everyone's feelings.」
「Y-Yeah... You're right.」
「What's wrong, Shiona? Did something happen?」
For a while now, Shiona had been acting like she didn't know what to do.
「No, there's nothing.」
「Really...? I don't think so...」
「More importantly, Ray, it's cloudy today, and my heart is turning gray.」
Shiona muttered as she looked up at the sky.
Likewise, I looked up at the sky, but I couldn't tell what was different from usual.
In fact, since it's after the rain, the dust in the air is falling, making it feel somewhat easier to breathe.
「Besides, it's so humid that my feelings are all over the place. So, Ray, why don't we take it easy at home today? Let's have some orange soup.」
I wonder if this atmosphere is uncomfortable for Shiona...?
No, I think Ciona's words are hiding what she really wants to say.
But I didn't really understand what that meant.
I don't think Shiona is being mean to me.
「But we all went out of our way to make it. I want to show Mud-san your son's movie as soon as possible.」
「Yeah... You're right.」
Shiona fell silent after that.
I'm not angry.
She's following me by my side, matching my stride.
There's a hint of gloom in her expression.
When we arrived at Mud-san's shop, we entered the dimly lit store.
「Hey... What are you doing here?」
Mud-san's voice echoes from the back of the store.
She's slumped back in her chair, staring straight at us.
「Hello, Mud-san. Um... here.」
I took out a projector full of splinters.
Mud glares at it as if evaluating it.
「What's that supposed to mean? We don't buy trash.」
「That's not it. It looks bad, but it's a projector that can play your son's movie.」
「My son's movie? I don't remember asking him to make something like that.」
「It's true that they didn't ask me to. I did it on my own. But a lot of people in town helped me make this. I want Mud-san to watch all the movies.」
「I told you, I don't remember asking you to do that.」
「I know. I did it on my own. So I'll do what I want to do from now on. If you're going to stop me, please stop.」
I was about to step forward.
But Shiona tugged on my sleeve from behind.
「Ray, Mud-san, Murasaki...... You should stop today. Let's relive the day, okay?」
「Shiona, we've come this far. Mud-san said so too, but I'm sure he wants to see his son's movie. If he doesn't watch it here, he'll never see it.」
「Besides, if I really didn't want to, I'd already be thrown outside.」
It's just a guess based on Mud-san's actions so far, but I don't think it's wrong.
「It's okay, Shiona. Don't look so worried. It's all right.」
I nodded firmly, trying to get rid of Shiona's anxiety.
「...Okay, Ray. If you want to do it, do it however you want.」
Shiona took her hand off my sleeve.
I started walking again.
I put down my equipment on the counter and close the door.
Next, I closed all the curtains on the window.
It's already dark inside, but now it's even darker.
It's just the right shade for a movie to play.
When I turned on the newly charged projector, the fans roared and spun around, and after a while, the light attached to it lit up.
A square light appears on the wall of the shop.
I adjusted the lens the photographer gave me and focused on it.
Mud-san just stares at the action.
「Mad-san, I'm going to play the movie now. Got it?」
「......do whatever you want.」
Mud-san didn't deny it.
I'm convinced that's the answer Mud-san wants.
I put my finger on the button on the control panel...
----I regenerate.
Mud-san stares at the square light with a stern expression.
The story begins in the light.
That's the story of a boy.
The stage was set in a time when the sky was still blue and nature was still there.
Born into a small house in a small town, he didn't know his mother.
Her father, who lived with her, only took care of the bare minimum... and they weren't exactly family.
And as the boy grew, the gap between the two grew deeper.
We had a fight when we met face-to-face.
All of our short conversations are denials of each other.
Before we knew it, our gazes had stopped meeting.
The boy's number of trips home dwindled, and he soon found himself on the path of evil.
His father silently punched him.
The creases between her brows were even deeper than usual...
The boy ran out of the house and left the town.
But it was the beginning of a harsh day.
The people I thought of as my friends used me well, betrayed me, and my body and mind were in tatters.
It was a woman who supported him.
Meeting her was what led him to the right path.
The boy decided to wash his feet from the bad and move on to a new town to start over.
I've got a family now.
I never doubted that my son would be born, and that I would continue to live happily ever after with my beloved wife.
But... women die of illness.
I didn't have time to despair.
He worked hard to raise his remaining child.
However, I was so desperate to work that I didn't notice the rift in my relationship with the children.
When I opened my mouth, we were all fighting.
We passed each other by each other.
And then, a grown child stepped onto the path of evil, as if trying to pin the blame on him...
I thought it was punishment.
This is exactly what I've done to my father.
Now I curse myself for being immature.
He looked at his hand, thinking of a way to stop his son.
If I open my hand, I might be able to admonish my son with the kindness to pat him on the head and embrace him.
If I clenched my hand, it would become a fist, and I might be able to rebuke my son with sternness.
As a father, which should I choose?
He clenched his fists.
The fist that punched my son is hot, and my chest hurts like it's being squeezed... and deep creases form in my forehead.
However, his son clutched his swollen cheeks and wept.
She said that she was loved for scolding her.
The words brought tears to his eyes as well.
Why didn't I realize what my son had realized back then?
Her father's face after punching her wasn't angry, but sad.
He took his son back to the town where he was born for the first time in 20 years.
The townscape hasn't changed since we ran out.
And as expected, it's a small house that hasn't changed.
But his father, who lived alone in that house, looked a lot smaller than he remembered, probably because he was getting older.
In front of his father, he bit his lip and wept.
His father silently tapped him lightly on the shoulder and muttered a single word.
Mud's son's movie was a very old type of human drama.
I don't know if this is interesting or not.
If my emotional functions were normal, I might have been able to make a decision.
But Mud-san is staring at the screen.
Silently watching the movie from start to finish.
The staff roll ends, and the screen goes black.
Looks like it's over.
Shiona looked at me for a moment, then reached for the stop button on the projector.
Just as my slender fingers were about to touch the button, I grabbed Shiona's hand.
「...? Ray?」
Shiona looked at me curiously, but I was staring at the screen.
It was a black screen. The letters slowly appeared in the middle of it.
The letters were clearly written with 'emotions', probably written directly in handwriting.
『I dedicate this movie to my father.』
The words slowly blend into the darkening screen and disappear.
This time, the movie will come to a quiet end.
Silence fell over the area.
Even if I turn it off, Mud-san is still staring at the spot where the screen was.
「Mad-san... The movie's over, you know?」
She sighs at my words.
「...What a boring movie.」
She mutters in a quiet voice that's unthinkable for Mud-san up until now.
「It was so boring that I was tired of holding back my yawns.」
She wiped away the tears that had accumulated from her yawning, then stood up from her chair and took a chip out of the projector.
Then, she grips it firmly in the palm of her hand and sits back down.
「...Hurry up and go home.」
She said that in a low intonation, then closed her eyes as if she was thinking about something.
Could it be that her son's feelings weren't conveyed in this movie?
I wonder if it didn't really matter to Mud-san......
Then what I did was--
My chest ached, and I hurriedly called out to Mud-san, saying I had to say something.
But Shiona lightly tugged on my clothes and cut me off.
「Ray, it's okay.」
Shiona's eyebrows drooped as she smiled.
「Mad-san, you just can't be honest. Let's leave her alone for now. Okay?」
You can't be honest...?
In other words, everything Mud-san said just now means the opposite?
「Mad-san, you're so silky right now. It's filled with a beautiful light blue. Thanks to you, Ray.」
「Really...? If so...」
I feel a warmth deep in my chest.
I know these feelings.
It's a feeling of 'happiness.'
I'm happy that Mud was happy.
I'm extremely happy that I was able to be of help.
We quietly left the store so as not to get in Mud's way.
I left the projector so that I could watch movies whenever I wanted.
Outside the store, I see a faint orange light on the other side of the sky.
It was a color that seemed to reflect my feelings.
「I'm really glad you're happy, Mud-san.」
「Yes, you're right.」
But there's a sad smile on her face.
「Huh? About what?」
「You look kind of sad.」
「Really? That's not true. It's my honest heart that Mud-san's happy.」
「Really? That's fine, then.」
「Hey, Ray. Let's have dinner today.」
「Food? Why?」
「It's Ray's anniversary for making Mud happy.」
「An anniversary... Yeah, an anniversary.」
「Let's make some orange soup and make some poop today.」
「Yeah, you're right. I'll help you cook too.」
「Thank you. I'm really happy, Ray.」
Shiona's hand touched mine.
We're both holding hands.
The warmth of our hands holding hands.
The orange sky was eventually swallowed up by the darkness of the night that snuck up on us.
The next day, we decided to sing in the plaza, just like we promised everyone who helped fix the projector.
Since I'm here, I wanted Mud-san to listen to me too, so I went to Mud's store.
But the door was still closed.
Normally it's already open, but there's a sign that says 'CLOSE' hanging from it.
The door to the store was locked too, so I couldn't get inside.
I peeked into the store through the crack in the door.
The projector was left on the counter.
Nothing has changed since yesterday.
Mud-san's chair was just sitting on top of a shelf, so I couldn't see it.
「What's wrong, Mud-san? Are you not feeling well?」
「...I knew it. This is how it turned out.」
「What do you mean... it ended up like this?」
I tilted my head at Shiona, who spoke as if she knew the store was going to close.
「In the middle of yesterday's movie, Mud-san lost his bright-red self.」
「It's bright red... Is it bad?」
「Yeah, I don't think there's any need to hold back anymore. I've never seen Mud so calm before.」
Shiona smiled, troubled.
「Mad-san, have you been holding something back this whole time?」
「That's right. To be honest, I always wanted to make up with your son. I wanted to fly to your son's place. But Mud-san's always bright red and prickly, isn't he? That's why I didn't have a trigger.」
「Then, could it be that yesterday's movie...?」
「That's right. It's because Ray showed Mud-san his son's movie that he was able to be honest.」
「...Are you here to see your son?」
「Yeah. I think she left town.」
Shiona smiles brightly. Seeing her smile makes me realize that I really was useful to Mud.
My chest suddenly warms up, and those words come out of my mouth.
「Amazing! That's amazing, Shiona! It's the same as that movie! It wasn't my son I went to see, it was my father, but it's mostly the same thing as the movie!」
「Yes, that's right. It's really amazing. But there's one problem.」
「Something troubling?」
Shiona's expression clouded over, and she let out a small sigh.
Is there any problem with Mud-san and his son making up?
「I don't think Mud-san will be back for a while, so I can't get the ingredients for the orange soup.」
Shiona said that with a serious expression.
「That's... a problem.」
「Yeah, it's a problem, isn't it? But if we save the materials we have, we'll be fine for a while.」
Shiona broke her tense lips and smiled.
Seeing her like that, I naturally felt my cheeks move.
Something warm welled up from deep within my chest.
I don't know how to describe this feeling, but I feel very satisfied.
「Mad-san, I hope you come back soon. I'd love to hear what you have to say. Your son might come with you. That'd be even better.」
「Yeah, you're right. I hope so.」
Little by little, I'm able to learn my emotions. That's how I feel.
I can get close to my ideal image.
I want to be useful to others more and more.
I want to learn more and more emotions.
Those feelings were the driving force that drove me forward.
「Let's get going, Ray. We're going to be late.」
「That's right. Let's hurry. I wonder how many people I can make smile today.」
「I'm sure there's a lot more than yesterday.」
「It's because your voice is so beautiful.」
「No, it's because of Ray's performance.」
「I'm just turning the wheel, that's all.」
「That's what's important. When the heart of the person who spins it is kind, the music is also dusty and fluffy.」
Shiona smiled as she gently spread her arms.
「If it's just my song, I'm sure no one will stop. It's thanks to Ray's performance that I can sing. Thank you, Ray.」
My face flushed red.
「I wonder why, Shiona. Your face is really hot.」
「Really. Your face is turning bright red. I bet you're embarrassed.」
「Am I blushing? Is this what it means to be embarrassed?」
「Yeah, you're surprisingly shy, Ray. You're cute.」
Upon hearing that, my face grew hotter and hotter.
We left Mud's shop and visited the plaza.
There were already a lot of people there before we arrived.
「I've been waiting for you two! Let's get along again today!」
「The kid's been saying 'Let's go takin' since yesterday. Please.」
「Your songs are soothing. Thank you very much.」
「Onii-chan! Onee-chan, sing again!」
All the people we met were waiting for our melody.
And all of them are smiling.
So this was it.
What I was looking for...
To do something, to make people happy, to be grateful.
This is what I wanted.
How does it feel?
What a warm feeling in my chest.
I wanted to experience this feeling for a long time.
「Shiona, let's start. Let's make everyone smile.」
「Yeah, of course.」
I turned the steering wheel of the music box, just like yesterday.
The melody overflows.
Shiona formed a melody to match the sound.
And then, that melody spreads out a ring of big smiles.
A smile spreads across the town.
More than anything, that made me happy.
And the side of Shiona's face as she sings happily makes me happy.
The townspeople were listening in with the same smiles as yesterday.
A smile spread across her face.
Suddenly――I felt a slight discomfort as I turned the music box's handle.
A glove-covered right hand to hide the machine's hand.
I feel a slight creaking in her hand as she turns the wheel.
「Hey, how was that machine the day before yesterday?」
While I was cleaning up the performance, someone spoke to me and I raised my head.
The director and the townspeople who provided the parts were there.
「I was able to regenerate it and make Mud-san happy. It's all thanks to you.」
「I see, that's good. It was worth talking to everyone.」
「It's all thanks to all of you. Thank you very much.」
「No, it's fine... But you know, all of that happened because of your power.」
「Yeah, that's right. It's because of your actions that I've been able to get people to help me out.」
「But that's because you're all so kind. My actions are nothing more than an opportunity.」
「Of course, that's part of it. But you never know until you act, and it doesn't change. Who's the most important person, or who's amazing. The first person to act is worth that much.」
The director and all the other people who helped us smile warmly.
「Let me know if you need anything else. I'll do everything I can to help.」
With that, the director and the others dispersed and left.
As I watched her go, I thought...
「Hey, Shiona.」
「What's wrong, Ray?」
「I really do want a lot more people to like it.」
「It's really wonderful that people like it.」
「Yeah, you're right. But it's nice to think that way, Ray.」
Shiona's praise made me a little happy.
I can feel the warmth in my chest.
「That's why I want to help a lot of people. More and more, to help them solve their problems and problems.」
「If that's what you want to do, then I think it's fine.」
「In that case, let's go look for Shiona! Let's help those in need in this town!」
「...Wait.」
「Hey, Ray, I don't think that's quite right.」
I was certain that Shiona would agree.
But she looks troubled and shakes her head.
「It's true that saving people is a wonderful thing. But I don't think it's right to push that onto you.」
「Push it on...? I don't intend to do anything like that, you know?」
「Of course, I know how you feel, Ray. But people have their own barriers and problems that they have to overcome on their own. If you help them all, you won't be able to grow. Of course, it's important to help them, but when they're doing their best and still can't do it themselves, you need help for the first time. So, Ray, let's save them when someone asks for help. It's not too late to save them after that. 」
I understand what Shiona is saying.
I could understand it.
But there's something deep in my chest that bothers me.
Why did I have to leave my feelings of wanting to help others untouched?
Why can't I help people myself?
Why, why, why...
That's when I stopped thinking.
Shiona's smile, or maybe it's because she looks sad.
A few days later.
Something felt off again.
It's the strange feeling I felt when I was spinning the music box.
It's such a small sensation I can't put it into words.
But it's definitely attacking my right hand.
That strange feeling was gradually growing stronger.
After returning to Shiona's house, I tried moving my fingers one by one in her room.
When I did, all of my fingers reached a certain depth in the same way, and there was no further curve.
I can't grasp anything with this.
It's a problem that can interfere with your daily life.
No matter how many times I try, the glitch won't be fixed.
Maybe I need to make some basic repairs to take it apart.
I have a hunch this might be the case.
I was looking for that projector.
I did a lot of reckless things in that dump.
Something feels off when I'm moving something heavy.
I'll go to that abandoned factory after this today.
And then, I'll go look for tools for repairs.
「Ray, it's time for dinner.」
Shiona suddenly came into the room.
I quickly put on my gloves and hid my right hand.
「What's wrong? You're in such a hurry.」
「It's nothing. I was just surprised because you were spacing out.」
「Did I startle you? I'm sorry about that. I'll knock next time.」
「Yeah, thanks. That'd be great.」
「Okay, got it. So, the food is ready. Wanna eat already?」
I look at the clock.
Before I knew it, the hands of the clock were already circling the top.
「So it's already this late...」
「It's always cloudy outside. I don't have any sense of time left.」
「Yeah, I'll be right there. Can you wait for me?」
「Okay, got it. I'll be waiting in the kitchen, Ray.」
Shiona smiled and left.
I took off my glove again and checked my right hand.
...I have to do something to keep Shiona from finding out.
Even if we're going to the abandoned factory, that can wait until after we've eaten.
I steeled myself and headed to the kitchen.
Shiona's cooking is lined up in the kitchen.
「Ray, take a seat. Let's eat.」
Shiona clasped her hands in front of her face.
I joined forces with her in the same way.
「Our Father in Heaven, may you all be holy, may Mikuni come, may your heart be held in heaven, and may you be held on earth. Grant us daily provisions. Forgive us for our sins. We will forgive you. Please do not tempt us, and save us from evil. 」
These are the words Shiona taught me.
Before I knew it, I had started praying the same way.
That's how much time we spent together.
The thought warms my heart.
「Hm? It's nothing.」
「You think so? You look so happy. You're turning orange.」
「A happy face? Me...?」
「Yes, very, very much so. Ray, you've been wearing that expression a lot lately. It makes me happy too.」
「Does that mean you're smiling?」
「Yes, that's right. You didn't smile at all at first, but you've been smiling a lot lately. That makes me happy.」
「I'm... smiling...?」
I remember the first day I woke up.
The face I saw that day was expressionless.
From that day on, I kept wishing.
She wants to feel emotions.
Before I knew it, I was starting to get what I wanted.
Thank goodness. I feel my chest lighten.
Now I can be with Shiona and the others forever.
I looked down at my right hand.
With her hands dangling limply, I can't use my spoon properly.
I had no choice but to switch to my left hand and scoop up some soup.
It is difficult to eat with your left hand, which you are not used to.
「What's wrong, Ray...? You're left-handed, aren't you?」
「Well... I'm right-handed, but my right hand hurts today.」
「Does it hurt? Oh no! I need to call a doctor... Oh, but he's not in this town, so I have to call him from a faraway town...」
「No, it's fine. I'll get better if you leave me alone.」
Crap... This is bad.
If the doctor sees me, he'll find out who I am.
That's the one thing I have to avoid.
I want to stay here forever.
「I'm sure it's because you did something crazy the other day. You worked so hard in the rain...」
「...Yeah, I think that's probably why.」
「See? I won't stop when I say it. I'm worried about Ray's health.」
「Yeah, thanks. But thanks to your hard work, I'm glad you're happy.」
「Yeah, you're right. But don't push yourself too hard.」
Shiona looked at me with a worried expression.
I decided not to make her look like this anymore.
When I saw Shiona other than her smile, my heart went pale.
「Come to think of it, did Mud-san come back? Haven't you heard from her since then?」
「Not yet. Your son lives a short distance away. I'm sure he hasn't arrived yet.」
「I see. I hope you get in touch soon.」
「Yeah, you're right.」
After that, Shiona didn't ask about my right hand.
I used my left hand, which I wasn't used to eating, and ate quickly.
Then I went back to my room and got dressed.
I stuffed the tools into my bag.
I'll probably break down my own arm.
I need to solve this on my own.
I can't rely on anyone.
That's why I made careful preparations.
As I was concentrating on my preparations, I heard the sound of the door being knocked open.
A moment later, Shiona entered the room.
「Ray, would you like to go shopping...?」
Shiona looked back and forth between the bag and me.
「Yeah. I was looking for something.」
「Where are you going? Close? Far away? When are you coming back?」
「I'm going to the abandoned factory. I want to get home as soon as possible.」
「An abandoned factory? What are you going to do?」
「Umm... Actually, the director of the photography shop asked me to find the parts, so I'm going to look for them.」
It was a lie.
It's a childish lie, but Shiona smiles at me.
「I see... Got it. Be careful, okay? Your right hand isn't feeling well, is it?」
「Yeah, thanks. I'll try to get home as soon as possible.」
Shiona saw me off and left the church.
Our destination is the abandoned factory.
But there was a place I had to go before that.
I need to match the words of the lie I just blurted out on the spot.
On the off chance that Shiona meets the director and talks about me, she'll find out about that lie.
If that happened, I'd probably hurt Shiona.
I don't want to hurt Shiona.
That's why my feet were visiting the photo shop.
「Oh, what a rare guest.」
When I opened the door, the director, who was polishing the camera, greeted me.
「Sorry for the sudden intrusion.」
「No, it's fine... I was just about to go home.」
「Home... at the church? Did you need something?」
「Yeah, hold on a second.」
The director withdrew to the back.
While I was waiting, I looked around at the photos on display.
There are all sorts of photos on display, from old photos to recent ones.
The time, place, and people were taken were different.
But there was one thing they had in common.
That meant everyone was smiling the same way.
I couldn't help but be envious of the people in the picture with that smile.
「Hey, hey, sorry to keep you waiting. Here, take this.」
The director held out a picture to me.
Among them are the smiling Shiona and the expressionless me.
「It's a photo I took before. It took a while to develop. I'm sorry for being late.」
「That's not true. Thank you very much. But I don't have any money...」
「It's fine. I was late, and I wanted to take a picture of it myself. I'll give you a freebie.」
「Thank you very much. I'll give it to Shiona.」
「I'd love it if you did. You two really do look alike.」
「Do you know Shiona's brother?」
「Yeah, of course. Have you ever seen a picture of Shiona and your brother side by side?」
「Yes, there is. It's a photo with a music box, isn't it?」
「Yeah, that's it. Actually, I took it myself.」
「I see... When did you set off on your journey?」
「It was right after I took that picture, wasn't it? She said she'd tell the world about the music. That's because you're already sad. You're always smiling like that, but you were crying all the time back then.」
「That Shiona? I can't believe it...」
「...But you know, I've been smiling a lot lately. Just as much as when you're here... No, maybe more than that.」
「I see. I think you've been smiling for a long time.」
「I'm sure it's because you're here.」
「I think it's partly because you look like your brother, but I don't think that's all.」
「But I haven't been able to do anything for you.」
「Doing something for her isn't the only thing that makes her smile. It's just that you can make her smile by being near her.」
「I'll be by your side... In that case, I'm more confident that I'll stay with you than anyone else.」
「I can see that from my perspective. When I'm with you, it feels like you're smiling from the bottom of your heart.」
Those words warmed my heart.
I'm connected to Shiona's smile.
With me here, Shiona...
「I know it's strange for me to be the one asking, but could you stay by my side forever?」
「Of course. I'll always be by your side, and always make you smile. That's my greatest wish.」
「Hahahaha, you're like a proposal. It's a shame that Shiona isn't here.」
「Proposing...?」
Hearing those words, I felt my face heating up.
I know what she means.
Human men and women swear to live together for the rest of their lives.
I wonder if what I said just now was the same as that.
When I think about it that way, my face gets even hotter.
I turned my back to the director so he wouldn't notice my agitation.
「Umm, well then, I have somewhere to go.」
「I see. Make sure you don't lose that photo.」
「Yes, thank you very much.」
I thanked her from behind and left the photo shop.
The road to the abandoned factory.
I pushed my way through the dark red earth.
The bag full of tools is a heavy burden.
I can hear the sound of tools rubbing against each other in the bag over my shoulder.
The wind is strong, and it looks like it's about to rain.
If we went to repair it and the number of broken points increased, we'd be screwed.
I decided to hurry to the abandoned factory so that it wouldn't rain.
Along the way.
In the distance, I see something flickering white.
But the place is so far away that there's no way to tell what it is.
I still can't tell how big it is, but it looks like the white object is slowly approaching us.
I strained my eyes to check.
At that moment, a gust of wind blew.
Without thinking, I closed my eyes.
By the time I opened my eyes again, the white object had vanished from my field of vision.
What was that just now...?
I stood there for a while.
But I can't stay like this.
Things are getting more and more suspicious.
I have to hurry to the abandoned factory.
Just as it was about to start raining, I arrived at the abandoned factory.
It's as dusty as ever, and it's filled with the smell of oxidized oil.
I quickly found a nearby workbench and took off the glove in my right hand.
I'm used to exposed parts by now.
First, I slowly open and close my fingers.
The malfunction hadn't been fixed, and it stopped moving halfway through.
What could be the cause?
I take a light out of my bag, shine it on my arm, and take a peek.
It doesn't look like there's anything foreign inside.
...In that case, the parts inside must be the problem.
I take out my tools and begin to disassemble my right hand.
I felt creeped out by the thought of taking my own hand apart.
I'm destroying myself now.
If I were to disassemble all of this, would I break down?
Is that my 'death'?
I wonder how she feels about that.
If I die, where will my consciousness disappear to?
And if she rearranged it again, would she regain consciousness?
I wonder if you could say she's alive.
Thinking about that in a corner of my mind as I disassembled it, I reached the cause of the malfunction.
The cylinder that distributes oil to my fingers bends, and the oil seeps out.
It's the part I took off when I fixed Shiona's music box.
Back then, I used the oil in the cylinder to adjust the gears in the music box.
It was only a small amount of oil, but it must have been necessary for the artificial fingers to be able to operate with such precision.
If even a small tear continues to form, it will become a serious wound.
But with the rod bent this far, even if we fix it half-heartedly, the oil leak might come back.
The most certain thing would be to exchange these parts for a new one.
I stood up and searched the area.
A half-finished Phyllod part lying on the floor.
There must be some parts here in the Phyllod factory that fit my mold.
I searched the factory with my disassembled right arm.
There were a lot of arms, legs, and torso parts lying around in the factory.
The parts on her head are so intricate that you'd think they were real for a moment if you weren't careful.
I start looking for something that fits me.
Looking at my exposed right arm, I checked the model number of the parts I needed.
It looks like it's a model number for the parts we need.
I searched the parts of my arms for the same model number.
She must be using something really rare.
I checked the parts lying around the factory, but there was no one with the same model.
Even compared to where I woke up, this factory's decaying condition is quite advanced.
I can tell it was abandoned a long time ago.
If that's the case, then it's possible that the production date is different and there aren't any parts with the same model.
While I was frantically searching for the parts, I discovered something labeled AR 115.
It looks just as close to the parts that were embedded in my arms.
But the shaft and piston rod are a little long.
With this, I should be able to change it after just a little bit of processing.
I put the arm attached to the AR 115 on the workbench and disassembled it.
No matter how well I pull out the parts, I compare them to the parts that were originally embedded in me――Homeroom 114.
Looks like the output terminal that didn't exist in homeroom 114 was added to AR 115.
There are no other changes.
I quickly put the part on my arm.
Unlike when it was disassembled, the work of attaching it was a bit difficult.
I manage to finish attaching it, even though I've dropped the screw over and over.
I try moving my finger, and it opens and closes just like before.
However, the discordant sounds of machines rubbing against each other echoed throughout the area.
Looks like she's out of lubrication.
Seeking oil, I headed deeper into the factory.
When the smell of oxidized oil gets stronger, we arrive at a dark oil drum.
When I opened it, all of them were oxidized and unusable.
But at the very back, I found a relatively new drum.
When I opened it, there was a small amount of oil, but it was less oxidized.
I scoop up the oil with the oil storage tank in my arms.
And then, I put the tank back where it was.
After a while, the oil is automatically extracted and the mechanical parts slide better.
When I moved it, I was able to open and close my fingers without any discord.
I was able to fix it.
Seeing my fingers move so smoothly, I felt my chest clear up.
I put my gloves back on, put the tools back in my bag, and left the factory.
The wind was getting stronger outside.
I hope it doesn't rain...
I hurried back to town.
――On the way.
There's a white object on the ground.
It's fluttering, as if being toyed with by the wind.
After staring at it for a while, I realized it was a cape.
For the umpteenth time, I can see what's inside.
It's shaped like a person.
No way. I hurriedly approached it, got down on one knee, and gently pulled up my cape.
There was a young man who had been seriously injured.
The blood flowing from his wounded arm--I knew immediately that he was Human.
「A-Are you okay!?」
「Uu... uu...」
The young man groaned in response to my voice.
Her body is painfully injured, and it doesn't look like she can stand up.
At the young man's feet are marks that look like he's crawling.
There was blood on the scars, which made it clear just how cruel it was.
I have to save her.
Something like a sense of duty seeps out of my chest and into my entire body.
「Please hang in there! Are you okay?!」
I toss the bag on my shoulder onto the ground and lift the young man up.
The young man groaned even harder, his face filled with anguish as he shook his body.
And then, as if clinging to something, she reaches out her hand.
I quickly held out my open right hand.
She grabs my hand through the glove.
Crap, I bit my umbilical cord in my mind.
But her hand was so weak that I couldn't shake it off.
The young man slowly opened his eyes and looked at me.
「Y-You...」
「A-Are you all right? There's a town nearby. I'll carry it right away.」
「Ma......chi......」
With vacant eyes, she murmurs as if ruminating on my words.
And then, as if to confirm my grip, I run my fingers along the gloves.
I'm sure she found out.
I'm sure she's noticed something different from a Human through her gloves.
But I don't mind.
This isn't the kind of situation I should be worrying about.
「...T-To the town... You're...s-stood...」
「Ma...... chi...... sumu......」
The young man repeats 'Machi' like an incantation.
Those words are feeble, as if they could disappear at any moment.
I decided to take the young man home.
I might be able to help him now.
I clasped my shoulders and dragged the young man away.
Her steps were heavy, and it took her a long time to reach ten meters.
But I wanted to save her... and I was full of it.
「How long... have you been here...?」
The man who was about to faint asked me a question.
「It's only been a week.」
「I see... I... see...」
I can feel the young man weakening over my shoulder.
If I don't stay conscious, I might not be able to come back.
「Please hang in there. We'll be in town soon. It's not that big, but the townspeople are all warm.」
I desperately tried to talk to the young man.
If I could talk to her about something that would pique her interest, I should be able to stop her from losing consciousness.
「I don't have a doctor, but I have a book, so I'm sure I know how to treat injuries.」
「......ho......nn......?」
「Yes! It's nothing. I'm sure I'll be able to investigate anything. So please stay strong.」
「...Wha... Mm... But... huh?」
「Yes! I'm sure of it!」
The young man takes a deep breath and mutters softly.
「...Throw it away...」
I didn't know what she'd said.
I couldn't help but stop.
「Just... throw me away like this...」
「I-I can't do that!」
「I was... attacked by Humans...」
「Humans...?」
「I was just... traveling in search of ideals... but ideals are... values...」
The young man takes another long breath.
「Because of the difference in values... Humans become... antagonistic, hostile, conflicting... endlessly cruel...」
「Th-That's not true. Humans are warm, able to share things, and support each other.」
「Yeah, that's the ideal...」
The young man loses his strength, as if exhaling every breath he's taken so far.
「...Um, p-please hang in there! Hang in there, please!」
Was she just unconscious? Or...
Disgusting thoughts swirled around in my head.
I gritted my teeth, looked straight ahead, and headed for the town.
To save her in a second.
Before we knew it, it started raining and hit us hard on the back.
Raindrops pour into my gloves, but this isn't the time to worry about that.
I carried the young man into the church in a trance.
「Ray, what's going on... Wh-What about him!?」
Shiona greeted me in a panic.
「He collapsed on the way here! He's really hurt!」
「Okay. Carry me all the way inside.」
Cina led me to a room with a bed.
When I laid her down on the white sheets, the rainwater and blood on her body became red stains and spread out.
There was no sign of the young man regaining consciousness.
「Ray, I brought you some water.」
I put the cup Shiona gave me to the young man's mouth.
I pour a little water into it.
The young man's throat throbbed.
But I still can't regain consciousness.
Compared to when we first met, her face was pale.
「Shiona, I'm going to the library! There's gotta be medical books there!」
Shiona bit her lip as she was about to say something.
I'm curious about that, but right now, we're in a race for the moment.
I ran out of the room with Shiona in my eyes.
And then, without any qualms about getting wet from the rain, I went to the library.
「Ray, what's wrong? You're so wet.」
Tipi stares at me wide-eyed, as if surprised by me rushing in.
I asked, paying no heed to her ragged breaths.
「Tipii... Is there a medical book here?」
「Y-Yeah, I do.」
「Please, will you show me the way right away?」
「...Okay.」
She must have sensed something.
Tippy showed me to the place right away.
「Is someone okay?」
On the way, Tippy asks, still facing forward.
「Yeah... I'm hurt.」
「Ray? Shiona? Or...」
「No, she's someone you don't know. So there's no need to look so sad.」
「But... But, but...」
Large tears stream down my cheeks.
That young man is someone Tippy doesn't know.
And yet, and yet...
What a kind girl Tippy is to be able to cry for that person's sake.
「I'm fine... I'm okay.」
I pick up Tippy and gently wrap my arms around her.
I can feel her hot tears through her clothes.
I can feel a small pain in my chest.
Fighting back the pain, I rummaged through the medical books.
But no matter how many books we have, we're just amateurs.
I don't know what kind of symptoms, how to treat them, or even what books are correct.
I took as many books as I could carry back from the library.
I return to the church without worrying about the book getting wet.
When I opened the door, a melody played from there.
It's the melody Shiona sings.
The song alone was enough to make me realize that this was a sacred place.
「Shiona, how are you doing?」
「No... I haven't woken up. I did what I could, but...」
I run to the young man.
The bandage was probably Ciona's treatment.
But the young man's face is even paler than before.
I violently opened the medical book.
I flipped through the pages to see if there was anything I could do.
But we were too reckless.
No matter how great a medical book it is, it's just a bunch of papers.
We didn't have the technology to save someone with medical science, so there was no way we could do it in the first place.
We were so powerless, so small.
Shiona began to sing quietly.
Unlike usual, it's a quiet investigation, like a requiem.
「...Nn... This song...」
The young man opened his eyes at Shiona's song.
But that point of view is hollow, as if it could disappear at any moment.
「Do you know this song?」
「Yeah, it's a nostalgic song... I used to sing it a lot...」
The young man's eyes traced the ceiling and turned to Shiona and me.
Instantly, the young man's face softened into a gentle smile.
「...Ah, so this is where it was... This is the world I sought...」
「What do you mean? What kind of world are you looking for...?」
Can't the young man hear me anymore? He won't answer my question.
I just keep talking.
「...A path of coexistence... A world of harmony...」
After saying that, the young man quietly closed his eyes.
And then she didn't even twitch.
I felt something spill out from deep in my chest.
「Hey, Shiona, why aren't you opening your eyes? Are you asleep?」
「I'm losing all the strength I had until just now...」
「Hey, I don't know why... I wonder if I'm tired...」
An indescribable sense of loss sinks deep into my chest like a dark cloud.
Pain runs through my chest as if it's been churned.
Shiona hugged me from behind.
That warmth helped me calm down a little.
I naturally put my hand on top of Shiona's.
「Shiona... I, I...」
「Ray... Let's have your funeral.」
「A funeral...?」
「It's like a ritual performed when a person dies.」
「When people died...」
With those words, I recognized it.
Oh, he's dead.
「That is the only way to mourn the dead.」
I can't move while listening to Shiona's words.
I couldn't process the existence of death that had appeared in front of me.
「Well then, I need to get ready, so can you help me?」
All I could do was give a short nod.
We started preparing for the funeral.
To mourn this young man whose name I don't even know.
As I prepare for the ceremony, I can't help but notice one thing.
I left Tippy in the library after crying so much.
Is Tippy still crying?
In that dark library. Alone.
「Ray, what's wrong?」
While I was busy decorating the altar, Shiona spoke to me.
「Yeah... There's something that's been bothering me.」
「Something on your mind? What's wrong? About that man?」
「No, that's not what I meant... It's about Tippy.」
「Tipii-chan? What's wrong with you?」
「When I went to get the medical book, I told Tippy everything I knew about him. And then he started crying... And then, terrible thing happened, I left him in the library.」
「You've turned blue, and you're still like that.」
「Yeah, that's right. That's why I thought you were still crying...」
「...Yeah, you might be right. I'm sure she's crying deep inside the library.」
I could easily imagine her doing that.
When I think about it like that, I can't stand it.
「Shiona, can I go check on Tippy for a bit?」
Shiona smiled sadly.
「I have a little more time to prepare for the funeral. So I hope you'll come back soon.」
「Yeah, I know. I'll be right back.」
「...Okay. Take care.」
Shiona smiled sadly at me.
I finished decorating the altar and headed to the library.
Hold the medical book I borrowed.
I walk through the streets, holding an umbrella.
There's something different about the town.
I feel like I've lost something important...
I ran through the town of loss and hurried to the library.
Silence fills the library, as if to block out the sound of the rain.
No, it's just one thing.
Except for the sound of the blue girl's sobbing.
I moved forward, relying on the girl's crying voice.
The girl was in her usual spot.
The girl's tears flow as she paints as usual.
「Ray... Ray...」
As soon as she sees me, Tippy reaches out a small hand.
I hugged her small body as if to answer.
The moment I hugged her, her slurping voice became a little louder.
「Ray... What happened to him?」
I was at a loss for words.
「Hey, Ray... Ray...」
「That guy... Hey... Hey, hey...」
Silence is the answer.
As if realizing everything, Tippy starts crying loudly without accumulating any sadness.
For the sake of that young man I've never met, I'm shedding large tears.
Yeah, I wonder why.
What is this pain in my chest?
The inside of my chest is being churned.
It hurt my chest with pain from time to time.
It must have flowed out of the wound that had opened in my chest.
It's pouring out of my eyes with a fever.
Before I knew it, I was crying.
I was crying at the death of a young man whose name I didn't know.
Oh, I see.
This is 'sadness'.
It's a blue emotion.
It's the emotion that's always burning in Tippy's heart.
It's so painful and painful.
Tears stream down her face without end.
I don't know how to stop it.
No, that's not it.
I didn't want to stop her.
I wanted to keep the hot drops flowing out of me.
I'm sure these drops are an act to soothe her sadness.
By shedding the sadness that's built up in our hearts, we're holding on to our hearts.
When I think about it that way, I feel like the weight that's been building up in my chest has lightened a little.
And at the same time, I feel like the amount of tears overflowing from my eyes has increased.
I cried.
We cried.
We sobbed, embraced each other, and cried.
Cry, cry, cry...
No matter how much time passes, my tears will never dry up.
The tears continued to flow so that the sadness wouldn't wither away.
「Tippie, there's going to be a funeral soon.」
「......that looks good? What......is that?」
「It's a ceremony to say goodbye to the dead. Shiona is preparing for it right now.」
「Dismissed...? What do you mean...?」
「We won't be able to see each other again.」
「I can't take it anymore... No!」
Tippy clung to me tightly.
Her arms were trembling slightly.
「I know how you feel, Tippy. But I think it's because you're sad that you have to say goodbye properly.」
「I won't be able to see you again, so let's say goodbye and see you off. Otherwise, I'm sure you'll be lonely and sad...」
「I'm lonely... I'm sad...」
「Yeah, I'm sure you're right. That's why I'll send you off. Can you... make sure you don't get lonely?」
Tippy slowly pulls away from me.
She looks up at me with a face that hasn't stopped crying.
「...I can. I can do it, Tippy.」
「I see. That's great, Tippy.」
She looks a little happy when I pat her head.
But those tears will never stop.
「Okay, let's go... Can you stand?」
「Okay... Wait a second.」
Tippy stands up and picks up the teddy bear.
Even now, the plush toy that was always with her is still in her arms.
We held hands as we headed to the church in the rain.
「Father, you are a compassionate god, and I entrust you with a young man who believes in the only child you have been given, who has completed his life's journey in the hope of eternal life.」
「Please remove all the burdens of the siblings who are leaving us, guide them to a dwelling prepared for the heavens, and join the gathering of saints.」
「May we, who are in the sorrow of our separation, be supported by the hope of the resurrection our master promised us, and may share in your eternal joy with the child who has been summoned to your side.」
The church is overflowing with attendees.
No one has ever seen that young man before.
No one should know that young man.
Even so, all the people gathered here mourned the young man's death.
I thought this was the feeling of caring for others, the connection between people.
Everyone clasps their hands in front of their chests and quietly closes their eyes in prayer.
Tippy and I follow suit.
Shiona's voice echoed through the church.
It sounded like a song she'd give to the young man...
After the funeral, the young man is buried in the graveyard behind the church.
Everyone in town walks to the coffin one by one to say their farewells.
Good next life...
Let's meet again someday...
Eternal repose...
I say what I want to say.
「Come on, Tippy.」
We take our turn and approach the coffin.
Tippy was staring at the coffin the young man was in.
The tears I had shown him just before the funeral were gone, and I just stared expressionlessly at the young man.
It's as if I've lost all emotion.
Just silently.
I stare intently at the coffin.
Feeling uneasy, I try to call out to Tippy.
But, just a moment earlier, she opened her mouth.
She mutters in a small voice.
A few hours passed.
It's rare to see a ray of light through the clouds.
It was rare for the sun to shine through the cloudy gray sky.
But I wasn't captivated by the beautiful scenery.
Because the expression I saw during the funeral bothered me.
Her expression was too empty to be called that sadness.
I don't know what that means.
Even so, there was one thing I could think of.
I want to be by her side.
I want to stay by Tippy's side and talk to her.
And I want to heal that sadness.
Those feelings welled up inside me.
I tried to open the door, but Shiona stopped me.
「Yeah, I thought I'd go see Tippy.」
「Tippie looked really sad at the funeral, so I got worried.」
「I see... But you know, I'm worried about Ray.」
「Yeah. Because Ray looks really sad.」
「You look sad...?」
I try touching my cheek with my hand.
「Then you can't tell, can you? Come here.」
She pulled me by the hand into the living room, and I stood in front of the mirror.
「See? You look sad, don't you?」
My face in the mirror... was blue.
Shiona always called Tippy 'blue', and I know exactly what she meant.
Right now, I'm making the same face as Tippy.
Even though her heart is quiet, her body relaxes, and her expression sinks, as if pulled down by gravity.
「...Yeah, this is the first time I've seen my own face like this.」
This is... sadness.
Even if you don't cry, when you're gripped by these emotions, your expression is so blue.
「People have passed away, after all. It's only natural that you'd make that face.」
I don't know how to feel about this......if I want to live......
It’s bitter... and painful... and heavy, and painful and cold...
I looked at Shiona's expression through the mirror.
But there's a sad, fleeting smile on her face.
I'm sure she's smiling bravely.
Just thinking about it makes my heart ache.
「You're important to me too, Tippy-chan. But first, I want you to take care of yourself.」
「Am I... important to you?」
「Yeah, that's right. Ray takes good care of himself.」
「I've never thought about... taking care of myself.」
「Ray, you're so kind. I'm sure that's why you prioritize other people over yourself.」
「But that's what I want to do.」
「I'm a little sad about that. I don't want Ray to overdo it.」
「I'm not forcing myself.」
「Really? I don't think so.」
Shiona's arm wrapped around mine.
「...I'm... worried.」
I felt my heart rate go up.
I don't know what that is.
But it's true that my emotions are wavering.
I felt kindness in that warmth.
...No, it's more than kindness... I feel a different kind of warmth from touching my skin.
「Hey, Ray, how about some tea?」
「...Tea? Why?」
「When you drink something warm and fluffy, your heart starts to feel all soft and fuzzy. It feels really good to be able to relax both your body and soul.」
「But Tippy...」
「I'm sure Tippy-chan's shaken by the death of someone. But you know, she'll get through this. For that reason, let's leave her alone for a bit. Being alone is very important, you know?」
「You think so?」
「Yeah, I'm sure you're right. Because if you don't, you won't be strong.」
「People get stronger by overcoming the walls and sadness. But with someone helping them every time, they can't really grow. Should we leave them alone for today so that Tippy-chan can grow up?」
Tippy is weak.
She's always crying.
But if this is my chance to grow up...
I'll accept that.
「Shiona, can you make some tea?」
「Of course. Could you sit in a chair and wait for me?」
I sat down on the sofa and waited for Shiona's tea.
After a while, a pleasant aroma fills the room.
「Sorry to keep you waiting. It's special tea, really. Eat it.」
She hands me the teacup, which is filled with orange drinks.
A faint sourness and a faint sweet fragrance wafted through the air.
「Like this. It's been a while since I've had a nice long chat with Ray.」
「Yeah, you're right. A lot happened...」
「Ray, how's your memory?」
「No, I don't think I'll be back yet.」
「I see... But there's no need to rush. You might suddenly remember something sooner or later.」
「Yeah, thanks... but I'm sorry.」
「My apologies? For what?」
「I'm freeloading, but I haven't been able to repay you for that.」
「That's not true. I'm just happy to have Ray by my side.」
「But that's not payback at all.」
「That's not all. You fixed the music box for me... and that's how I became able to sing.」
「Didn't you sing before that?」
「But it's a lot different without a melody. You know, we played together in the plaza, right? Actually, I've been singing there many times.」
「By yourself... at that place?」
「Yeah. But at the time, no one listened to me.」
「Even though your voice is so wonderful? That's strange.」
「Hehehe, thank you. But that's how it is. That's why I was so happy when you brought the music box with you.」
「No way... I was just spinning the music box.」
「That makes me happy. More than anything, I'm happy that you're with me.」
「It's the same for me. I'm happy to be with you.」
「...Heheh. Thank you. Ray, your emotions are getting really rich.」
「Emotions? Me?」
「Yes. Your expression is much richer than when we first met.」
That's what I wanted and wanted.
I've been craving it ever since I woke up.
My heart was filled with the feeling of being told by Shiona.
I was incomplete, so she told me... that I was close to Shiona.
「I'm sure that's because you were smiling next to me.」
「Really? I didn't do anything.」
「No, it's because you're here. Thank you, I'm grateful.」
「If you're going to say that, it's me too. Thank you, Ray.」
「I should be the one thanking you.」
「I'm the one who... Hehe, that's strange. The two of us have been thanking each other this whole time.」
「You're right. I wonder what we're doing.」
「...But it's strange.」
「What's so funny?」
「Isn't it strange that you think it'd be nice if this time could go on forever?」
「...No, not at all. I was thinking the same thing...」
「...Can I go over there?」
Shiona sat down next to me.
I can feel her warmth from a distance.
We're the closest we've ever been.
「Huh...? I wonder what it is...」
「What's wrong?」
「My body feels kind of weird. My chest is... throbbing.」
Could it be that it broke down? It would be a problem if it was such a serious malfunction that maintenance was required.
「Don't worry. I'm the same way. My heart's beating so fast.」
「Huh? A-Are you okay? Doesn't it hurt?」
「Yeah. This is a wonderful thing.」
Shiona gently smiled as she placed her hand on mine.
As if gently enveloping her.
In response, I turned my wrist back. As if we were palm to palm... so that we could intertwine our fingers.
I can feel Shiona's warmth even more strongly.
And that warmth warms the depths of my heart.
「The inside of my chest feels so warm...」
「My breasts...? Here...?」
Shiona reached out to my chest.
The place I touched immediately became hot.
「Your hand feels really hot... I wonder why. Could it be that you're sick?」
「No, that's not true.」
「Do you know why, Shiona?」
「Yes, probably.」
「Tell me.」
「Hehe, what should I do?」
「Don't be mean. I'm curious.」
「Hmm... But Ray isn't the only one.」
「You're getting hot?」
「Yes, that's right. Right now, my chest is really hot too.」
「The same goes for you?」
「Yeah, it's the same. It might be worse than Ray's.」
「That's terrible! How can I fix it?」
「No, I can't... I don't need to.」
「The inside of my chest is so hot, so tight, so painful, so heartrending, but so warm... That's all that matters. Is that okay, Ray?」
Shiona's hand warmed up a little.
I squeezed her hand back.
「Ray, please.」
「I want you to be with me forever.」
「Yeah... Stay with me forever?」
「Yeah... I promise.」
「Thank you, Ray. I'm so happy... so, so...」
Shiona rested her head on my chest.
I felt like that would fill my heart.
It's similar to the joy I felt before, but stronger than that.
I wonder what Humans call this.
I wanted to ask Shiona, but I didn't want to interrupt the mood.
That's why... I surrender myself to time with Shiona.
The sweet-smelling tea on the table. We stayed like that until the steam ran out.
The next day, I was preparing to leave after breakfast.
Shiona, who was washing the dishes, called out to me.
「I was thinking of going to the library.」
「The library... Are you going to see Tippy-chan?」
「Yeah, that's the plan.」
「I'm sure Tippy-chan's still in the middle of overcoming it. So let's leave her be.」
「Yeah... But when I think about how lonely I would be if I couldn't get over it, I just can't ignore it.」
Just like how Shiona was by my side yesterday and how she felt warm, I think I can support her just by being near her.
「Don't worry. You're not that weak, Tippy-chan.」
「You think so...?」
「Yeah, I'm sure you're right. Anyway, Ray, I have a favor to ask. Why don't we go to the plaza today?」
「The plaza? Why?」
「I thought I'd bring the music box... and sing again.」
「Yeah, something sad happened, didn't it? That's why it's important to rest your feelings.」
「Can you rest your feelings...?」
「I'm sure the townsfolk feel the same way after the funeral. So don't you want to make everyone feel better?」
「...Everyone in town? Of course I do.」
It hurts to see her sad face.
If possible, I'd like to help her soothe that sadness.
「Our melodies are the ones who can do that. I'm sure the town will cheer up.」
「I see... You think so?」
「Yeah, I'm sure you're right. Come on, let's get ready.」
At Shiona's urging, I reached for the music box.
The music box I maintain every day is ready to play music at any time.
We left for the plaza.
It's early afternoon in a cloudy sky.
There were few people here.
「There's no one here, Shiona.」
「It's always like this at this time of day. Before Ray came.」
「Before I came...?」
「Didn't I tell you? Ever since Ray started playing music, people have started to listen to me. The townspeople have changed little by little. We've been going out more and more, and we've gotten to know each other better. I feel like we're getting closer and closer to each other.」
「Is it because... I came?」
「Yes, I think so. Ever since Ray came, the townspeople have changed. Of course, it's for the better.」
Those words made me very happy.
I'm helping someone.
That fact doesn't stop me from being happy.
「Ray, you look happy.」
「Yeah. Your cheeks are slackening.」
「My cheek?」
「Yeah, look――」
Shiona's fingertips touched my cheek.
Just from that, I felt another warmth in my chest.
「Your face is kinda hot.」
「Ray, are you embarrassed? Ahaha.」
My face gets even hotter.
Looks like Shiona's right on the mark.
「All right, Ray, let's get started.」
「Yeah, are you ready?」
「Anytime you want.」
Shiona slowly closed her eyes.
I felt like I wanted to keep watching her beautiful profile forever.
But at the same time, I want to hear Shiona sing.
That's why I slowly turned the music box's handle.
Shiona's voice carried that melody.
The two melodies merged together to create a beautiful melody.
Soon, people began to gather.
The people looked a little gloomy at first, but they gradually regained their smiles.
And before I knew it, a ring of smiles had spread across the plaza.
Children of the Town A
Town Person A
Town Person B
Town Person C
Town Person D
Various people's smiles and words flew back and forth.
Yeah, this is it.
This is what I was looking for.
People smiling happily.
Every time I see that smile, my joy grows.
I was sad that that girl wasn't in that circle.
A blue girl in the back of the library.
A girl who would never come here.
That girl still holed up in the library.
All I could think about was that girl.
Shiona's voice brought me back to my senses.
「Sorry, I was thinking about something.」
「I see... Everyone's already gone home.」
When I looked around, the people who had formed such a large circle were scattered.
I've been lost in thought for a very long time.
「What were you thinking?」
「Nn... no... not really...」
「Should I guess? It's about Tippy-chan, isn't it?」
She sees right through me, so I nod obediently.
「...Yeah, that's right.」
「I knew it... Does it bother you no matter what?」
「Yeah, I'm curious. She's still that young, after all.」
「Little kids, huh... Yeah.」
「Besides, I'm always alone. There's no way I wouldn't be lonely.」
「But it's always been that way. I'm used to it by now.」
「That's not true.」
「Didn't you say the townspeople changed since I arrived?」
「Yeah, you're right...」
「Then I want you to change too, Tippy. You can't stay lonely.」
I told her to return what Shiona had taught me.
Shiona's smile clouded over slightly at those words.
She looks in the direction of the library, closes her mouth for a moment, then turns back to me and smiles.
「Ray, let's go home.」
「It's going to rain today. Come on, let's go home... Okay? I'll make some fluffy white soup.」
Ciona took me by the hand and forced me to leave the plaza.
It happened a few hours later.
I was about to leave the house, but Shiona stopped me again.
「Umm, I wanted to read a book...」
「If you're looking for books, there's a few that Onii-chan was reading.」
「That's not what I meant... Umm, I'm sure it's in a genre that doesn't exist here.」
「What kind of genre is it?」
「It's a mechanical book. I got interested in it after I repaired Mud-san the other day.」
「I see. I'm glad you're interested in something.」
「Yeah, thanks. So I'm going to the library.」
「Doesn't that have to be today?」
「Yeah, the sooner the better. I want to read it as soon as possible.」
「But it's going to rain soon.」
「The weather doesn't matter. Let's go out in the rain.」
「But the book might get wet, you know?」
「Don't worry, I'll take the bag.」
「Hmm... In that case, I'll go borrow it for you.」
「Huh? No, it's fine. I'll go myself.」
「No, it's fine. I just happened to have some shopping to do, so I'll take my leave.」
With that, Shiona returned to her room.
I wonder why.
I feel like Shiona is trying to keep me away from the library.
No, that's not it.
I'm sure it'd be more accurate to say it to Tippy.
I don't know what she meant by that, but it seems she doesn't want me to see her.
Shiona spoke calmly, but I could tell how she felt.
But why?
「I'm ready, Ray. What kind of book should I borrow?」
「I don't think you'll understand even if I tell you, so I'll come with you.」
「No, I'm fine. Take your time, Ray.」
「Then... I want you to go borrow a book with an electronic circuit on it.」
「Electric circuits, huh? Got it. I'll be going, then.」
Shiona left.
A few minutes passed.
It's about time I lost sight of Shiona.
I put my hand on the door leading outside.
.. That's strange.
It's not locked.
But the door never opened.
It's like the door's been barred from the outside.
――Maybe that's it.
When she left, she locked the door so that I wouldn't notice her.
That's why I can't get out of this door.
――But why?
――For what?
I returned to the living room with my head in my hands.
I look at the table, and before I know it, there's a piece of paper.
It's a letter from Shiona.
To Ray.
I'm sure you were surprised to find the door locked.
Do you remember telling them about the attack on a nearby town?
So, as a precaution, I'll lock the door.
Watch the house, please.
I prepare soup and bread for the meal.
Please warm it up and eat it.
Never go outside.
That dead young man had also told me about Humans who pillaged repeatedly.
Maybe that Human is somewhere nearby.
If that's the case, it's dangerous to go outside.
I see. So Shiona was worried about me.
But if that's the case, it'd be dangerous for Shiona to go outside.
Shouldn't I have gone shopping as a guy?
-I can't fool her...
It's true that there are Humans who pillage.
Even so, would it be necessary to lock the door from the outside?
In fact, if it was locked from the outside, it would be possible to unlock the door from outside as well.
It will be easy to get into the house.
――That's strange.
If she was really wary of Humans pillaging, she wouldn't have sung in the plaza yesterday.
There's no way she'd go out of her way to gather people.
In that case, why?
――There was only one thing I could think of.
She locked me in.
So that we can't get close to Tippy.
There's no way Shiona would do something like this without thinking.
There's always a reason.
And I'm sure that's something she's doing for me.
...Did something happen to Tippy?
Is she trying not to let me know about that?
It's not good for me......so I won't be sad when I find out......
I couldn't stand or stand.
I want to see Tippy. I need to find out.
A blue girl crying all alone in the library.
I wanted to wipe away the girl's tears.
I look around the church.
There's a window quite high up.
Even if I can climb up, there's no guarantee that I'll be able to get outside and get off well.
But that's the only way out of here.
A white cloth suddenly catches my eye.
Curtains swayed in the wind.
There were several of them in the room, and they looked long, large, and sturdy to cover the large windows.
I took the curtains off all the windows.
There's no sign of sunlight coming down from the dark clouds.
I tied the five curtains together on the table, and it turned out to be quite long.
It's long enough to go down to the first floor.
I tied the end of the curtain to the window lattice.
I wrapped it in layers, checking its strength over and over.
It's all right.
I'll be able to support my own weight.
I tied the other end of the curtain to myself.
I steel myself and lean out the window.
The ground I can see from there is very far away.
I feel a little faint, but I can't pull away from here.
Gripping the curtains, I slowly lowered my body.
A strong wind shook me along the way.
It was all I could do to cling to the curtain as my body worked as a pendulum.
A few minutes passed until the wind died down.
I take a deep breath and resume my work.
It probably took about ten minutes for my feet to finally reach the ground.
I was so exhausted that I felt like I was going to fall on my butt.
But I don't have time to rest here.
I started walking toward the library, where the blue girl was waiting.
It began to rain quietly, as if to block my thoughts.
As if to quench the town's thirst, its vigor gradually increases.
I don't have an umbrella, so I walk forward without fear of getting wet.
Her wet clothes clung to my bare skin, making me feel disgusted.
I cover my glove-covered right hand to ward off the rain.
A puddle began to form at my feet, and I could hear distant thunder as well.
Her ragged breaths bring rainwater to her mouth from time to time.
Against my burning body, a cold rain hits me from outside.
With the rain of rusty flavor pouring from my mouth, I finally arrived.
In the library, where the blue girl is waiting alone.
It's dim inside, with no light leaking out at all.
Is she buried in that dark sea of books again?
Just thinking about it made my heart ache terribly.
I enter the entrance and head deeper into the room where the blue girl is waiting.
「So you're here...」
A voice reached me from deep inside.
It didn't belong to Tippy.
The person who kept me away from here...
「Didn't you write in the letter that you can't leave because it's dangerous outside? Did you not see it?」
「No, I did.」
「I see... So you came because you knew. You're a bad girl, Ray.」
I can hear Shiona's laughter.
But I can't really see her expression in the dimly lit complex.
「Why did you lock me in here?」
「I can't believe I locked you up... But I guess that's how it turned out. I'm sorry.」
「You have a reason, don't you? Would you mind telling me?」
「... The reason? The reason is simple. I don't want you to see me.」
「You don't want me to see you...?」
「To the blue girl up ahead.」
「To Tippy? Why?」
「I can't tell you that. It's top secret.」
「Wait, I don't understand what you're saying. Why shouldn't I see Tippy?」
「Well... I can't do that.」
「That's not a good reason! Tell me!」
「I can't tell you why.」
I couldn't help but speak louder.
At the same time, I realize that my chest is red and hot.
Is this anger?
Am I angry at Shiona...?
That's not my intention. I just want you to tell me the truth.
But what I said just now seemed to upset Shiona.
I can't see her expression clearly in the darkness, but the atmosphere she gives me has changed.
There's a hint of hesitation in the air.
Shiona opened her mouth slightly, and was about to say something... but she didn't.
Then she pulls her chin back and whispers.
「...It's because you're going to be unhappy.」
「Unfortunately? Who?」
「...Ray and I... All the people who live in this town, I guess.」
「The townspeople? Because we met? I don't know what you're talking about.」
「Yeah, you might not know right now, but I'm sure you'll regret it.」
「Why are you regretting it? C'mon, Ciona, say it. I'm not smart, so I don't know. If you don’t say it clearly...」
「In other words, this is...」
The sound of boots.
Shiona approached me through the dim entrance.
The next moment, I felt warmth.
And soft.
Shiona was hugging me.
「Shiona... Huh? Wh-What...?」
「Please, Ray... Why don't you go home with me?」
「Like this...? What do you mean?」
「It's really bad for Ray and Tippy-chan to meet each other. To be precise, it's bad for them to meet. That's why...」
「Could it be that I made Tippy angry? Is that why you don't want to see her?」
「No, it's the other way around. Tippy loves Ray.」
「In that case――」
「That's why I can't see you. Please understand.」
Shiona's arms tighten around my waist.
A sweet fragrance enveloped my entire body, making my head spin.
「...Is that your wish?」
「Yes, that's right. It's a request from my heart.」
「What would you think if I met with Tippy?」
「It's very, very sad. I think it's blue and it stings.」
「Why? Why do you think that?」
Shiona pulled her face away from me and looked up at me...
She says so boldly.
「Ray... Because I love you.」
「Su......ki......?」
Those words nearly made me stop thinking.
A sweet sigh.
My lips and lips are about to touch hers.
She wraps her hands around my waist.
I feel her body heat.
We were infinitely close.
And that's what I just said.
It's only two words, but it's filled with a deep emotion.
Those words filled my heart with incredible force.
I felt more joy than ever before.
To be needed by someone. To be given more than a certain amount of emotion by a specific person.
I don't know any more joy than this.
And now, I'm trying to obtain that joy.
I wrap my exhausted arm around Shiona's back.
Shiona accepted it.
Her warmth grows deeper in my chest.
「Shiona, I...」
「Yeah, Ray. I know. So let's go home...」
Shiona's hand is joined.
I turned around and moved my feet to the library exit.
「...Thank you, Ray. But this is fine. This is for Ray's sake.」
Shiona's words made me feel uncomfortable.
I suddenly stopped walking, and Shiona called out to me curiously.
「Shiona, didn't you just say that it was for my sake?」
「Yeah, that's what I said.」
「You're wrong, Shiona.」
「No? What's the difference, Ray?」
「If you're saying it's for me, then this is different.」
「I'm not. I'm doing this for Ray's sake.」
「That's not it. I'm happy to be of help to someone. I am here so that I can be of use to someone else. But right now, I am trying to disappear from that useful person's sight. That isn't for me, and it's for me. In that case, who are you doing this for?」
「Shiona, I'm going to go see Tippy. It's not for anyone else's sake, it's for myself. If this makes someone unhappy, that's my fault. But even if it does happen, I won't stop. That's the result I wanted.」
I let go of Shiona's hand and pushed my way through the entrance again.
Shiona's voice didn't reach my back.
Shiona just stared at me with a sad expression, without saying anything.
I pass through the rainy-smelling entrance and head deeper into the library.
I could feel the moisture on the soles of my shoes being sucked into the carpet every time I walked.
The dry atmosphere of the library clung to my wet skin.
I can't help but feel sick.
Perhaps it had something to do with the fact that Shiona broke up with me earlier.
My chest aches, as if I've swallowed something heavy.
Shiona's face passed by again and again.
All of them had sad smiles on their faces.
Why did it end up like this?
Why did I do this?
A wave of regret washed over me.
But I couldn't let her rest her legs.
----That girl is in the back.
A girl who's always alone.
She's always the blue girl.
The girl who always sheds tears.
I couldn't leave the girl alone.
That's why I'm walking down this hallway.
There's a painting on the wall of the hallway.
These are the pictures that Tippy writes day after day.
The picture on the brand-new paper shows a girl.
I can tell who the girl is right away.
A small girl is drawn on a large sheet of paper.
Tears stream down her cheeks.
These past few days, all the paintings have the same composition.
A picture of a lone girl crying.
When I saw the picture, my heart ached terribly.
The girl was always alone.
I felt like I could understand that sadness.
I want to wipe away that sadness as soon as possible.
I wanted to tell you that you're not alone.
I wanted to tell her that I was by her side.
Dragging the soles of my wet shoes, I walk down the long hallway.
As I look at the picture that's stuck to the ceiling, I move forward.
At that moment, I suddenly felt something was off.
It's not because of the contents of the painting.
The problem is the number of pictures.
No matter how you look at it, Tippy is a young girl.
If that child were to draw every day, would he really be able to write such a number?
...Maybe there were days when I wrote a few cards a day.
Even so, the number of pictures in this picture is impossible.
Was the girl really that lonely?
Was there nothing else to do but paint?
Ah, why did I leave the girl alone?
Just how many tears did I make her shed?
The girl in the painting is weeping more and more with each passing day.
It's a sign of the girl's sadness growing deeper.
I hurried.
I go to the girl who's probably crying alone in this room.
To soothe that sadness.
And to wipe away those tears.
To embrace the girl. To embrace her body with both hands.
I walked so fast that my breath caught in my throat, and headed for the deepest part of the library.
The girl who was supposed to be there was nowhere to be seen.
Even the teddy bear that I've been holding on to around the clock isn't there.
All that was there was a half-drawn painting and crayon.
In the half-drawn picture, there was a girl crying all alone.
――Where did Tippy go?
I searched the bookshelves around me, but I couldn't find her anywhere.
Is she somewhere in this library?
Or is it outside this library?
I don't know the truth.
We won't know until we find Tippy.
I started walking.
I sew through the bookshelves, searching for the blue girl.
The vast library isn't suitable for searching for people.
On top of that, it was dark.
I can't search just by looking at it from the edge of the bookshelf.
One step at a time, I'll have to confirm it with my own two feet.
I walk between the bookshelves toward the entrance from the back of the library.
Before I knew it, my clothes, which should have been wet, had begun to dry.
And then, when my hair was all dried up.
Finally, I was able to find the girl.
The girl was on a large stepladder, lining up the books on the shelf.
The girl is a resident of this library, and also serves as a librarian.
The townspeople must be returning the books to where they were before.
That would be harsh for this little girl.
The thousands of bookshelves in this library are piled high enough to reach the ceiling.
I don't want to think about all the books in the library.
The girl must be facing such a large number of books, and managing them like this every day.
All alone in this library.
When I thought about that, for some reason, I couldn't help but feel a tightness in my chest.
She stretches out on top of the stepladder and returns the book, which is bigger than her face, to the shelf.
After finishing her work and taking a breath, Tippy turns to me.
「...Ray! ...Wah, wawawawah...」
Noticing my presence, Tippy loses her balance on the stepladder.
「Watch out, Tippy!!」
A fallen stepladder.
Tippy extends her hand.
Responding to her hand, I reached out both of my hands.
----The impact pierces my chest and back.
The next thing I know, I'm holding Tippy to my chest and lying on the floor from behind.
「Ray... You came, Ray...!」
Tippy was rubbing her cheek against mine over and over again.
I pat Tippy on the head in relief.
Her soft hair welcomed my hand.
「Tipii, are you hurt anywhere? Are you hurt?」
「Yeah, I'm fine. Is there anywhere you want to go?」
「I'm fine. Thanks for worrying about me.」
「You saved Tippy... Ray, I love you...」
The little girl's hand grips my clothes.
I feel a bit of warmth and wetness in my chest.
Tippy's crying.
But it looks like she's crying differently than usual.
I'm sure they're tears of comfort.
With me here, I'm sure I'll be able to lighten Tippy's spirits a little.
The thought makes me happy.
「Tipii, you've been playing along. You're good, aren't you? Good?」
「Yeah, you're great. You're such a good girl.」
「Hey, pat me. It's a good place, pat Tippy's head.」
「Yeah... You're a good girl, Tippy...」
I stroked her silky hair.
「Yay... Ray's patting my head. Tippy, I'm so happy...」
「Are you always lining up books?」
「Yeah. I'm just making cucumbers. I want lots of people to read them.」
I look up at the bookshelf.
It's true that several books are quite old-fashioned.
Some of the spines are worn or discolored.
Is Tippy repairing these......?
I remembered that I had soaked the book in the rain.
If I treat her violently, I'll end up doing more work for Tippy like this.
I swore from the bottom of my heart to treat her with care.
I sit up and lean my back against a nearby bookshelf.
「Sorry I'm late.」
「It's okay... Ray came here like this.」
「Are you okay on your own?」
「No... It was very, very lonely.」
「Were you crying?」
「Yeah... Yeah, yeah...」
She presses her face into my chest.
I hear sobs from time to time.
「Don't worry. We'll always be together.」
「Forever? Ray, are you going to stay with Tippy?」
「Yeah, that's right. I'll do my best to come to the library.」
「Could you come with me?」
Tippy raises her head.
Large tears welled up in her eyes.
「That's a bit difficult. I'm in your debt right now.」
「But I'll come every day. It's not lonely, is it?」
「Yeah... But it's really lonely.」
「Night, huh...」
「It's so dull, so quiet... Tippy, there are times when you think you might be all alone.」
「Not at all. Not at all...」
All I could do was embrace Tippy.
There's a sweet smell coming from Tippy.
A sweet fragrance, different from Shiona's.
「Yeah, I know... Just being here makes me happy, Tippy. Hey, Ray. Can you do it for me?」
「Yeah, what is it, Tippy?」
「Will you help me out?」
「Yeah... Of course, it's a small price to pay.」
Standing up, I hold hands with Tippy.
I walk through the library, pushing a cart full of books.
「Next is... umm, a book called 'Philosophy of the Mind and the Body'.」
「In that case, it's 3rd from uekara, 3th from migi.」
As soon as she says the title of the book, Tippy says it without missing a beat.
It's like I know all the books in this library.
There's definitely a book's worth of gaps in the place she told me to go.
When I put it in, it fits perfectly.
Tippy isn't just saying whatever she wants.
With conviction, she points to the location of the book.
Interested, I decided to ask a bit of a mean question.
「Hey, Tippy, can I ask you something?」
「Do you remember the beginning of this novel?」
I hold out a rather old-fashioned novel.
Tippy stares at the title and starts reciting as if she's reading a book in her head.
「[There's a five-story tall building just ahead of me. It's covered in cream-colored bricks right next to the school building, making a sidewalk that looks like it'll feel good if you take a walk. There are flowerbeds right beside the sidewalk, so you can see colorful flowers from this height. If I were to throw myself in here, would all the cream and flowers be stained with my filthy blood?]」
Every word, without a doubt, Tippy reads it out loud.
It matched the handwriting in the novel perfectly.
「Could it be that you remember all the books here?」
「Hmm... I don't know.」
「Then what about this book?」
I glance at the book she's holding out to me, and Tippy recites it.
「'There are approximately 206 bones that make up the human body, from the head to the hindquarters, frontal, temporal, parietal, butterfly-shaped, sieve, hammer, kinuta-bone, stirrup, lower nasal, kosuke, tearbone, shaved, upper jaw, uvula, cheekbone, lower jawbone, tonguebone, and from there, they are connected to the cervical vertebrae, spreading to the sternum, hip vertici, sage, tail veri, ribcage, and breastbone.'」
「...Then what about this?」
I held out a handwritten book that said pi.
「What's the beginning of this Mukonko Theory?」
「'Everything is finite, and even the soul is no exception. A child born after his soul is depleted is a vessel of no soul, Edward-Morgan.'」
Tippy memorized all the books here.
But why?
Even if you have incredible memorization skills, you need to read these books first.
Even if you keep reading every day, you'll never be able to finish reading this sea of books.
What the hell is going on here...?
「Ray, what's wrong?」
「No, it's nothing. Now, let's put away the next book.」
There's no point in thinking about the fact that I don't have an answer.
Right now, let's focus on helping Tippy with her work.
After returning all the books to the shelf, we sat down in our usual spot.
「Ray, thank you for helping me out.」
Tippy's fawning over me even more than usual.
Was it the reaction of not being able to see her before?
The sight of her approaching me is adorable and endearing.
「It's okay, Tippy. You usually do it alone, right?」
「Yeah... I've always been alone. I'm lonely.」
「...How long have you been alone?」
That might have been a forbidden question.
Tippy looks up at me sadly.
「You've always been alone, Tippy.」
And then, Tippy told me.
A sad story, until Tippy is alone.
「Papa! Mama!」
That was back when Tippy's parents were still in the library.
I loved the girl.
I loved my kind mother and father.
Her mother always smiles and gently embraces Tippy.
His father was always looking at the two of them as he organized the books.
「You're as spoiled as ever, Tippy.」
His father took out an electronic terminal for books from his desk.
「Whoops, that's right. You like this better, Tippy.」
Smiling wryly, I put away the electronic terminal and took out a 'book' made of paper.
The technology of printing has already faded away, and now it's a valuable cultural artifact.
「Tipii-chan, welcome.」
Her mother called her into her lap, and she happily sat down.
And on Tippy's lap is a stuffed bear that her parents picked out for her.
Every day was fun for Tippy.
Spending time with my beloved mother and father was fun.
And there were days when I didn't feel happy.
Her mother always praised the pictures that Tippy drew.
「I'm sure he'll be an artist in the end. Dad's proud.」
His father always had hope for Tippy's future.
I hope that day will continue forever.
I want the three of us to be together forever.
That's what Tippy always thought.
Before I knew it, my parents' brows furrowed more and more.
Tippy didn't like that expression.
The town is in a hurry, too.
All the adults are talking about something.
But young Tippy doesn't understand what that means.
I'm just starting to worry that my life will be ruined.
One day, the phone rang.
To Tippy, that sound sounded very sad.
When he answered the phone, he furrowed his brow.
It's that expression that Tippy doesn't like.
His father had left the phone and was talking to his mother about something.
After a while, the conversation turned into an argument.
They were arguing about something.
The only thing I know is that it's very sad to see them arguing.
「Tipii-chan, will you listen?」
A little while later, her mother looks at Tippy with a meek expression.
Behind her was her father――and the luggage that had been packed up.
Instinctively, Tippy realized that she couldn't continue living until now.
「Something terrible is happening in the world right now.」
「A lot of people are scared, and they can't sleep. You don't want that, do you, Tippy-chan?」
「There are children all over the world who think that way. If possible, I'd like to help them.」
「Yeah... I knew you'd say that, Tippy-chan... And so, Tippii-chan, what's important is to talk about from now on. Even if you don't understand, can you listen to me?」
「Actually, Mom and Dad have to go far away to save those children. Even if we go, we might not be able to change the situation... But that's a possibility.」
「No. It's farther than that. It would take days or weeks to get to that place.」
Just as Tippy was about to head to her room, her father stopped her.
「There's no need for you to prepare for the trip, Tippy.」
「That's not it... Actually, Tippy, Mom and Dad are going to that place alone.」
「Two...? Where's Tippy...?」
Their parents looked at each other.
As her parents look sad, Tippy can't help but feel something.
Tears start pouring out of my eyes.
「I'm sorry, Tippy-chan. I can't do that.」
「Mom and the others are going to a very dangerous place. I don't want to take you there. You're important to me, Mom and Dad.」
「No... No, no, no... You're coming too, Tippy...」
My parents gently embrace Tippy.
「I'm sorry, Tippy-chan... But we still have to go.」
「I'm sorry, Tippy... It's okay. I'm sure he'll be back soon.」
「I'm sure he'll be back soon... so he won't get lonely...」
「Tipii, be a good girl and watch over the house. And then, show us your pictures again.」
「Yeah, that's right. We're going to draw one by one every day. What Tippy saw, heard, knew, and felt. Could you tell us about it when we get back?」
「That's right. I'm going to write a lot of stories on my travels, too. And I'll come back to let you hear them.」
「Yeah, absolutely, definitely. I promise, so...」
The three families hugged each other.
I don't know how long it'll last, but I want to heal that parting...
How much time had passed since then?
Tippy did as her father told her and continued to draw.
With each picture I drew, I stuck it to the wall. I told her to notice it as soon as my parents came home.
What I saw...
What I heard...
What I know......
What I felt...
But before long, she was filled with feelings for her parents.
I want her to hug me, pat my head, call my name, hurry... I want to see her...
My heart is turning blue.
The girl continued to draw, tears streaming down her face...
Tippy talks to me about her sad past, tears of blue sadness streaming down her face.
Her small shoulders trembled ephemerally.
The girl dies of sadness before my eyes.
I can't even begin to guess how much that sadness is.
It's probably because I've never felt that much sadness before.
So I can't understand Tippy's feelings.
I should be able to heal that sadness.
By embracing her small body.
I'm sure.
Tipi sits with her back to the wall.
I reach out to her slender body.
When I touch her shoulder, Tippy's body jumps a little.
It's not rejection.
She was just a little surprised by the sudden action in the darkness.
「It's okay, Tippy. It's all right.」
「Hey, won't Ray disappear in front of Tippy?」
「Yeah, I won't disappear.」
「Why don't you leave Tippy alone?」
「Yeah, I won't leave you alone.」
「Won't you make Tippy lonely?」
「Yeah, I won't let you get lonely.」
「Can't we make Tippy come true?」
「Yeah, I won't be sad.」
「Will you take good care of Tippy?」
「Yeah, I'll love you.」
「Will you tease Tippy for me?」
「Yeah, I'll hug you.」
「Will you play Tippy?」
「Yeah, I'll play.」
「Could you pat Tippy's head?」
「Yeah, I'll pet you.」
「Could you hold Tippy's hand?」
「Yeah, I'll hold your hand.」
「Will you stay with Tippy forever?」
Tippy's eyes glow faintly in the darkness.
My shoulder feels so warm that it's almost too hot.
I embrace Tippy's body...
「Oh, you two sure are close.」
The voice that echoed in the darkness didn't belong to the girl trying to soothe her sadness.
It belongs to Shiona, who was supposed to have left at the entrance.
Before I knew it, Shiona was standing by my side.
Still smiling in the dim light, Shiona approached us directly.
「But it's also a problem if you're too close. You're a man and a woman at your age.」
Shiona stopped me from reaching out to Tippy.
「No... Nooo...」
Tippy's face twists in sadness as she yearns for that arm.
I reflexively raised my voice at Shiona.
「Shiona, what are you doing?!」
「What's wrong? You're so excited. You need to think about physical contact with girls your age.」
「That's not it. Tippy's sad... She's trying to soothe that sadness a little.」
「Sad? Against what?」
「To my parents, who haven't come home yet! Tippy has always been alone. She's always been lonely!」
「That's reality, so it can't be helped.」
「Can't be helped? What does that mean...」
Shiona walks in front of Tippy.
And then, I look at Tippy, who's a little sad.
「Tipii-chan? It's too bad, but you're always alone, aren't you? You've always been, and always will be.」
Still smiling, she says that in her usual tone.
「Shiona, what are you saying...」
「You understand, don't you, Tippy-chan? Mom and Dad aren't coming home anymore, you know?」
「Shiona... Stop... Don't say such cruel things...」
「You're aware of it, aren't you? You just don't want to admit it.」
「...No... No... I don't want...」
「Tipii-chan's father and mother...」
「Shiona... Stop...」
「He's already dead.」
「Stooooooooop!!」
A voice echoes through the library.
My whole body was burning up.
My breathing became ragged, and I felt a pain deep in my head.
Even her clenched teeth are groaning.
I can barely stand right in front of me.
And at the same time, I was convinced.
The inside of my chest is red and prickly. It's the emotion Mud-san always had.
This is the emotion known as anger.
I feel anger at the unfairness of what's happening right in front of me.
Right now, the blue girl's hopes have been dashed.
A heartless comment from Shiona hurts Tippy.
Tippy is crying in a voiceless voice.
Her face was all messed up.
She turned her sadness into large drops and poured them onto her cheeks.
With her young body, she's doing her best to show her bottomless sadness.
Shiona followed up with another blow.
「That's true, isn't it? How long do you think your mom and dad haven't come home?」
「Tipii-chan, you draw every day, right? How many have you done?」
「Stop...」
「Wouldn't it make you sad if you drew every day? I wonder how many more pictures your mom and dad would have to make to get back.」
「Stop it...」
「No matter how much you cry, it's useless. Tears flow only to comfort yourself. Just because they flow doesn't mean something will change.」
「...Please don't...」
「That's just self-satisfaction. If you cry, someone will be kind to you, so you're just crying. That's all just running away from reality.」
「...Please... stop...」
「Let's get it over with already. Mom and Dad aren't coming back. Never again. You'll never be able to see your mom and dad again, Tippy-chan.」
「Also, let me tell you something. Ray's just here out of sympathy for Tippy-chan. It's not like his mother and father have poured their love into him. Only pity is binding him here. Do you understand, Tippi? You've always been alone. 」
「Stop-------」
An angry voice resounds.
When that voice echoes off the wall, only Tippy's sobbing voice remains.
Tipi looks up at Shiona with vacant eyes.
I felt like the light that had been in me until a little while ago was gone.
「Ray, spoiling and comforting are two different things.」
「That's not true... I'm not...」
「You should accept reality too, Ray. Tippy-chan's parents aren't in this world anymore.」
「No... That's not true...」
「Then why haven't you contacted her at all? There isn't a single letter for Tippy-chan, who loves her so much.」
「Well... I'm sure we're too busy to contact each other...」
「If you know that the other person is worried about you, then I won't waste that much time. Especially if it's your beloved child. If you don't have that, then that means―」
「Stop... Please, stop...」
「----Tippie-chan's mom and dad are already dead.」
I froze.
Shiona's tone was as gentle as ever, and her usual smile remained unchanged.
I wish she'd just said it in a cold, cold voice.
The abnormal atmosphere left me unable to continue.
Shiona's face is smiling as she turns to face Tippy again.
「Tipii-chan, your only family is your mother and father. But those two won't come back. So no matter how many people you're with, you'll never truly be fulfilled. Even if Ray is with you, you can't be family. That's an irreplaceable fact. You'll always be alone. 」
Shiona turned around and headed for the entrance.
On the way, she looks back at me once.
But I keep my eyes fixed on the floor.
「Ray... It's all for your sake.」
With that, Shiona left the library.
Silence fell over the complex.
Right now, I don't even hear Tippy's sobbing anymore.
I was furious at Shiona's behavior, and exhausted.
I can't even stand up.
But I can't leave her alone like this.
The girl probably thinks so.
I'm all alone in the world.
I have to live in solitude.
I didn't want you to think that.
I wanted her to know I wasn't alone.
My feelings for Tippy aren't pity.
It's not pity at all.
I ruminated over it over and over.
Again and again, as if trying to convince myself.
I reach out for Tippy's shoulder.
I embrace her delicate shoulders.
At first, Tippy jumped in surprise, but then she settled down on my chest.
She pressed her face against mine and cried in silence.
I stroked her trembling shoulders over and over.
If I can clear away even a little of the sadness I feel in this small body...
I don't know how long I've been doing that.
We're sitting next to each other, huddled together.
After a while, I lost my sense of time.
Tippy gets up and starts walking, as if seeking something.
Tippy doesn't answer.
It was a sketchbook and crayon.
Tipi comes back to me with those two things.
I sit down with my back to my stomach.
Tippy doesn't respond again.
Instead, I flipped through the drawing paper.
With a brand-new page in canvas, Tippy picks up her crayon.
And without hesitation, I run the crayon across the drawing paper.
She's drawing a cute picture of her age.
The first picture was of a blue girl.
There are tear marks on her cheek.
Her eyes are red.
I gently patted Tippy's head.
Lowering her gaze again, Tippy runs her crayon across the drawing paper.
It looks like I'm the next one to be drawn.
Her hand is on the girl's head.
It's like she's gently patting my head.
And then...
It was Shiona.
A short distance away, she looks at the girl with a scary face.
That was Shiona for Tippy.
Even from my point of view, the Shiona in front of Tippy would look like a picture.
Why did Shiona do such a thing?
Shiona said so.
It's all for me.
I don't know what that means.
No, I didn't want to know.
After making Tippy cry, I don't understand what she means for my sake.
Will I be able to make someone unhappy and make them happy?
No, that can't be true.
That's something that shouldn't happen.
As if to drown out Shiona's words, I embrace Tippy.
Her voice seems to fade away.
But deep down, I felt a bit of joy.
I thought to myself as I looked at the picture.
Could this be Tippy's way of avoiding sadness?
They say people dream at the end of the day.
It's said that it was to sort through the memories of the day's events.
To Tippy, it might be this painting.
What happened that day...
Everything, including the good and the bad, is painted in the picture.
By doing so, I might be able to organize my memories and calm my heart.
In fact, Tippy's expression has softened somewhat.
As the painting progressed, the sadness faded.
It's like I'm handing over sadness to a painting.
She stands up and pulls me by the hand.
I follow her hand to the wall with the picture plastered on it.
It is a picture that is said to be written one by one each day.
The number of pictures was enormous.
Tippy puts the picture she drew today at the very end.
Another picture of Tippy.
The wall painting felt like a diary showing the girl's loneliness.
Tippy must have spent all her time alone on this story.
I've been telling this sad story all by myself...
When I think about that, something wells up in my chest.
I couldn't help but choke on my voice when I saw those sorrowful eyes.
Instead of answering, I embrace Tippy.
After a while, I hear a quiet breathing.
I compare the picture diary on the wall with the one lying in my arms.
Could it be that this picture book is the very picture of Tippy's heart?
I drifted off to sleep while thinking about that.
This is the church I live in.
I'm standing in front of a large, familiar white door.
I pushed the door open with both hands.
The chapel leading inside is enveloped in a surprising silence.
No, it's not complete silence.
Because her quiet, sobbing voice reached my ears.
I pushed my way through the chapel.
Then, without a moment's delay, I confronted the person.
That's the person who's always smiling.
It was Shiona.
Shiona's delicate shoulders trembled as she cried.
I couldn't hide my surprise at that.
――Why am I crying?
I didn't understand the reason.
But it's true that Shiona is crying right in front of me.
The tears are not false.
Even so, I couldn't do anything.
...No, that's not true.
There should be something I can do too.
I reach out my hand.
My fingertip was reaching for Shiona's eyes.
I don't think I can stop those tears.
But I can wipe away those tears.
That's the only thing I can do...
I extend my fingertip to the large droplet.
My hand stops mid-sentence.
My fingertips are made of machinery.
Her outstretched index finger had a metallic sheen to it...
That's right.
I'd forgotten.
No, I wanted to forget.
I'm not a Human.
A being created.
I wonder why.
Am I not allowed to wipe away the tears of those dear to me?
Shiona cried.
Tears keep flowing.
I wonder if it's the sadness that Shiona has never shown me.
But I can't stop the endless stream of tears.
Then why am I here?
I wonder what I can do for Shiona while I'm here.
I couldn't find an answer to that.
I couldn't move my outstretched hand any further...
――A moment later, the sound of metal scraping against metal echoed through the area.
Those earsplitting sounds resounded intermittently.
Just then, my outstretched fingers...
The parts crumble and fall to the floor.
The disintegration that begins with my fingertips begins to increase in the palm of my hand, my wrist, my arm, and my shoulder.
All the parts of my body collapse.
Eventually, it became difficult for me to even stand there, and I collapsed to the floor.
My legs, my torso, are being scrapped.
The scrap metal piled up around us.
I couldn't speak, so I had no choice but to accept the collapse.
Shiona's been crying all this time.
She's crying in silence.
I can't even reach out to machines anymore.
It's not even my arm or my fingertips anymore.
The collapse eats away at my entire body, reaching all the way to my head.
I don't feel any pain.
There's no way I can feel it.
But......
I felt a pain deep in my chest, which was supposed to be gone.
As my vision faded, the last thing I saw was Shiona's sad expression and tears.
Before long, I'm just a metal...
It became a pile of scrap metal.
――That's when I wake up.
She was shouting something, but I couldn't remember.
My breathing is ragged.
I quickly check my surroundings.
A dim, dusty space.
The lukewarm air coils around me.
And the thick books lined up on the shelves.
This is the library.
I must have fallen asleep yesterday, and just like that, it's morning.
I quickly take off my gloves and check my right hand.
It should have collapsed earlier, but it's still there.
But, just like in the dream, it's made of machinery.
Before I knew it, Tippy was sleeping on my lap.
Her innocent sleeping face doesn't feel like yesterday's sadness.
Looks like I've been dreaming about what Humans call it.
When in sleep mode, you can sometimes catch a glimpse of past records in order to organize your memory region.
But right now, it's probably a prediction based on experience and memories.
That's the kind of possibility that's hidden in the future... I guess it's been calculated.
Even so, what a sad thing to do.
I still haven't been able to calm down the stirrings in my chest.
Why are Shiona's tears making me so shaken?
And why am I so powerless?
I'm not the real thing.
I knew that.
I thought I knew.
But I still want to make her smile.
Both Shiona and Tippy want to make the townspeople laugh.
But I can't do that.
I can see the answer to that, but I don't want to admit it.
――Because I'm the one who made it.
The one and only truth that I can't resist.
But, even so, I wanted to.
I want to make everyone around me smile.
And yet, she couldn't do it.
Shiona doesn't smile when I try to make Tippy smile.
When I try to make Shiona smile, I can't wipe away Tippy's tears.
What a difficult task.
Isn't there a better way to make everyone smile?
As I look at Tippy's sad sleeping face, I ruminate over and over in my chest.
I stroke Tippy's head with my fingertips.
Her silky hair lets my fingertips pass through her hair without wrapping around it.
A sweet aroma spreads through the room.
「Nn... nnnn...」
Maybe she's dreaming, because Tippy lets out a small voice.
Her young sleeping face made me want to protect her even more.
But how?
I'm at a loss as I look back and forth between the machine's right hand and Tippy's face.
I thought it would be nice if this gentle moment could continue forever.
But that's not the case.
A strange sound echoed in the distance.
The sound of footsteps rang out, as if several people were walking at exactly the same time.
And then, a faint scream and the sound of something being destroyed.
Those two things are destroying even my small hopes.
I hastily put the glove on my right hand.
「Wh-What... Ray, what are you...?」
That abnormality woke Tippy up.
An uneasy expression that shouldn't have been there before spreads across Tippy's face.
「I don't know... but it looks like something happened.」
「Something? What do you mean?」
「I don't know. But I think it's a bad situation.」
I stood up and pointed my toes at the library corridor.
「...Ray? Where are you going?」
「I'll go check on her.」
「No... Don't go, Ray.」
「Don't worry, I won't go anywhere. I'll just go check on you on the roof for a while.」
「No... No...」
Tippy hugged her and wept.
She and her parents must've been inseparable.
「It's okay. It's all right, Tippy.」
「No... No...」
「Have I ever broken my promise to Tippy?」
「Yeah, that's right. That's what you always do when you go to see her, isn't it?」
「So don't worry. I'll see you from the roof and come right back.」
「...Okay. But come back soon.」
「Yeah, of course.」
I made a promise with Tippy and headed to the library roof.
We arrive at a long spiral staircase in front of an old, rusted door.
There is no longer any evidence that it has been used for a long time.
When I opened it, a nasty sound resounded in my ears.
I ignored her and pushed the door open.
...At the same time.
The abnormality caught my eye.
Black smoke was rising from all over the town.
The screams weren't misheard. They were coming from the mouths of the townspeople who were running away from something.
And the ones chasing the townspeople were several figures wearing dirty cloaks.
She walks quietly with her firearms at the ready, but she's cornering the fleeing people with undiminished cooperation.
It was as if everything had been calculated.
The townspeople and the attackers who were cornered by the wall were talking to each other.
The assailant nodded and pointed the gun at the townspeople's heads.
And then, without showing the slightest hesitation, she pulled the trigger finger.
―With a dry sound, the townspeople trembled as if their heads were bursting, and collapsed on the spot...
The sound brought me back to my senses, and I understood the situation.
It's hard to believe... but this town is under attack.
So what Shiona was saying was true...
I hurried back to the lobby.
Seeing me like that, Tippy asks anxiously.
「Ray... did something happen? You're really scared.」
「...I don't really get it, but... well... something bad is happening...」
Unable to tell Tippy what I saw, I stammer.
「Not good? What do you mean?」
「This town is being attacked... I think.」
「No... Tippy, you're scaring me...」
「Don't worry, it's far away from town. It should still be safe here, so calm down.」
「...Yeah... But what should we do?」
「I'm... going to see what's going on.」
I was worried about the town, but more than that, I worried about Shiona.
Even after what happened yesterday, she's still a Human who saved me.
I don't even know why Shiona, who's kind to everyone, is so cruel to Tippy.
I still don't understand what she meant when she said it was for my sake.
「No, don't go... Please... Ray...」
「Don't worry, Tippy. I'll be back.」
「Really? Really, really?」
「Yeah, of course. So could you wait just a little longer?」
「If you're coming back, then I'll be waiting for you.」
Tippy hugs the stuffed bear tightly.
Even so, I can't shake the anxiety from my expression.
I wonder if I can do anything for this girl's sadness and anxiety.
With those dark feelings still lingering in my chest, I left the library.
I decided to take the back road to the town as much as possible.
What's happening in the town is obviously not good.
If you find me, there's a chance I'll be hurt somehow.
I try to keep my footsteps as quiet as possible as I head to the plaza.
If possible, I wanted to get there before the line, but I had to take the long way around, so that seemed impossible.
The closer we get to the center of the town, the more visible the broken buildings become.
But they're all buildings that didn't look like they were going to break down until yesterday.
I wonder if the people I didn't know who were chasing those townsfolk destroyed it.
A cloud of dust hung in the town that had been beautiful until yesterday.
Why did I have to destroy this peaceful town's buildings?
I just can't accept that.
As the screams and the noise from the buildings grew louder, I came to the truth.
――The tragedy that's taking place in the plaza.
A number of men chased and captured the townspeople.
They point their guns at me, and use their unfair violence as a shield to chase away men, women, and even children.
The captured townspeople are sitting in the center of the plaza.
A crying child. An angry voice that can't be called a voice.
The wind and the armed men's faces look cool.
No, it might be strange to describe it as cool.
She doesn't seem interested in anything. She looks like she's glancing at a stone on the side of the road.
I can't see Shiona anywhere I can see her. I wonder if it's safe to assume she hasn't been captured yet...
「―What's the situation?」
「―We've captured the majority of the residents. It's only a matter of time before they're gone.」
I overheard two men talking nearby.
I slowly approached them so they wouldn't notice me, and eavesdropped.
「How about food and water?」
「We had plenty saved up. We found an underground water source in the water.」
「I see. That's more than I expected.」
「Yeah, it's possible to settle down like this.」
I'm sure of it.
These men are Humans who attack the town and steal food and water.
I just couldn't forgive their unfairness.
I can't believe you're hurting innocent people just for the sake of pillaging.
But I couldn't do anything more than that.
I can't even get out of there.
I knew better than anyone that I was powerless.
「But how did you find such a small town?」
「There was a slave who ran away the other day.」
「If I remember correctly, he advocated coexistence with Phylloids...」
「Yeah. He's a fool who's trapped by the ideas of the old days. Coexistence and harmony with Phyllods are such a waste of time in this world.」
――Coexistence and harmony...
Those words brought to mind a young man.
I saved her, brought her to this town... And those were her last words.
In other words, these Humans were the ones who inflicted such an injury on him.
「That's why we treated them like phylloids and let them live.」
「That's right. If I'd chased after her to bring her back, it would have been useful in an unexpected way.」
One of the men continued in a monotone voice.
「A Human appeared to save that man, and showed us the way to the town.」
When I heard those words, I felt my back grow cold.
Why didn't I think about the cause of the young man's injury back then?
I heard from Shiona that there was a group of thieves...
If I'd paid more attention to my surroundings when I returned to town, I might have been able to avoid being followed.
I regret taking such an easy course of action on the spur of the moment.
I'm the one who caused this attack.
「We've gathered all the town's leaders in one place. There's no one to oppose us.」
「I see. In that case, select those who are oral and unmanageable. The factors that decrease productivity are――」
As he says that, the man who received the report pulls out a handgun from his pocket.
「Punishment.」
「―Stop iiit!」
As soon as I understood the meaning of those words, I screamed.
However, I couldn't help but shout at the Humans who were so careless as to call the townspeople “dismissed”.
With that, the men in the room turned around.
And then, there were eyes.
「Secure him.」
With that voice, the men ran up to me.
I hurriedly started running.
But my body can't keep up with my feelings.
My legs couldn't move properly, and I lost my balance as I ran away.
The men immediately closed in behind me.
Her movements are as precise as a machine's.
This is bad. At this rate, I'm going to get caught.
I ran into a back alley.
There are several muddy alleyways under the influence of the rain.
My legs were taken, but I kept running.
Occasionally, she would knock down the wood on the wall to slow the men down.
But that wasn't enough to slow me down.
I can tell that the men are closing in behind me.
Will I be able to escape like this...?
I was aiming for the library.
Even if we managed to escape to the library, they'd find out about Tippy's existence.
If Tippy gets attacked...
I changed the direction of my toes.
I flee into what appears to be the back door of the nearest building.
Coincidentally, it was Mud's general store.
I searched for a place to hide...
「!?」
I spot a figure sitting in a chair.
Mud-san doesn't answer. She's sitting in a chair with her arms crossed, just like she did after turning the projector that day.
「Mud-san, you can hear me, right?! Please stop joking around at a time like this, Mud-sa―Mud?」
I swallow my scream at the last second.
Mud-san collapses from her chair as soon as I touch her shoulder. It's as if she's already out of things.
「Wh-Why――!?」
Did those men 『dispose』 of her?But it didn't seem like she had any external injuries.
「I found the target.」
It was ironically the voices of the men chasing me that made me come to my senses as I panicked.
But it was too late.
「The labor force should be enough. We'll eliminate them.」
I couldn't deal with anything, so I hastily jumped away from Mud-san, the men stepped in, and the man at the front pointed his gun at me--
「Ray!」
A moment later, several things happened at the same time.
With a dry sound, a gunshot rang out.
And then, a figure slipped in front of me as if to protect me...
「Shh――」
I had time to figure out what was going on.
He was standing in front of me to protect me.
He turned around and looked at me.
He always looked at me with the same smile on his face.
And a few seconds later...
「Shionaaaa!」
I screamed with my white head.
When I saw her, my body unconsciously began to move.
I punch one of the shelves with the mechanical arm hidden beneath my glove. It knocks down all the shelves in a chain-link pattern, sending finer bits and more dust all over the place.
At the same time, I pick up the can on the floor and throw it at the window with all my might.
The men reacted to the sound of the glass breaking.
「Did you escape through the window?」
「Let's go after her.」
The men rushed outside through the open door.
「You're gone――」
As for me, I'm crouched down on the floor right next to the collapsed shelf, half of my body sunk to the floor from the impact.
I hugged her tightly to my chest, so that the shelf and fragments wouldn't hit her as she collapsed.
「Shiona, Shiona, hang in there!」
I frantically shake Shiona, whose eyes are closed.
Looks like she's unconscious.
I look over at Shiona's body, but I don't see anything that looks like a wound.
I wonder if the bullet didn't hit her. But she's unconscious, so maybe it's not safe.
Anyway, we need to evacuate for now.
――There's only one place nearby where I can do that......
I took a deep breath and remembered.
About the girl who was waiting in the library.
I went through the back alley so that Humans wouldn't find me and turned back to the library.
It was quite a handicap to carry Ciona on my back, but I continued to pass through the destroyed building over and over again.
During that time, Shiona didn't move an inch. It was a burden to bear, but at the same time, it made me even more anxious.
If something were to happen to Shiona――I would have been crushed by that fear, but I arrived at the library.
The clouds covering the sky made the color even darker.
When I finally arrive at the library, I start looking for Tippy.
I wonder if Tippy's okay.
At the moment, the library hasn't been ruined.
There's no sign of anyone entering.
When we passed through the entrance, the complex was silent.
Feeling relieved, I weave between the shelves and look for Tippy.
But no matter how much I search, I can't find Tippy.
Could it be...
I did my best to look around, trying to dispel the unpleasant thoughts.
Could it be...
Relying on hope, I headed to the lobby.
I went around to the back of it.
There's Tippy, covering her ears and eyes, trembling slightly.
I reach out to her small body.
「Tippie, I'm back.」
Tippy's shoulders jump a little.
But when she recognized me, she threw herself into my arms and hugged me.
「Welcome back. I'm sorry, Ray.」
She pressed her large tears against my chest.
Her body was trembling slightly.
Yeah, I made her uneasy again.
I wrap my arms around her back and pet her.
「Don't worry... We'll never be apart again.」
Relieved by those words, Tippy's trembling shrinks, and eventually stops.
「What happened? Shiona, what's wrong?」
Looking at Shiona, whose eyes are still closed, Tippy asks anxiously.
I told her the truth without hiding it.
「She was shot. To protect me... she didn't seem to be hurt, but she was unconscious...」
「Show me right away!」
With an agile movement unlike any before, Tippy laid Shiona down on the floor in an embrace.
「Ray, you're facing back, and I'll look at your wounds.」
「Ah, yeah... C-Are you hurt!?」
「I don't know. But I'll do it.」
I quickly turn around when I see Tippy's hands on Shiona's clothes.
Before long...
「...It wasn't... all right, Ray.」
Tippy's tone has returned to normal.
I quietly turned around.
Shiona was breathing calmly on the floor of the lobby.
I thought she'd been shot to protect me, but it looks like she just fainted from the gunshots at point-blank range.
「Thank goodness...」
I let out a sigh of relief from the bottom of my heart.
「Ray, why were you shot?」
「The Humans have come. And they've started looting in this town. They've destroyed buildings...」
I didn't tell her that I was trying to 'dispose' of the townspeople, or that Mud-san might have already been 'disposed'.
「And when I was about to be found and shot, Shiona protected me...」
I reflexively clench my fists. Tippy looks at me sadly,
「―I see. But if that's the case... this place might be dangerous too.」
She answers meekly.
「I wonder if I'll be able to make it through if I hide...... until Humans leave......」
As if to stop me, Tippy shakes her head sadly.
「The Humans found this town. The town where the humans live. That's why they're coming here too.」
「No way... They're going to settle here...?」
「Because this is a town.」
The town... That's right.
I also walked the barren earth until I reached this place.
There was nothing to eat, nothing to drink, and we were always next to each other.
Those Humans must have traveled through a world like that.
If that's the case, then this 'town' is a paradise I didn't even wish for.
「But... why would you do something like that? If it were the people of this town, they would accept it.」
「It's so we can go.」
「If that's what you want, then you can do whatever you want... It's wrong of you to sacrifice someone else!」
「...Ray, you're scaring me...」
「Ah, sorry, I didn't mean to scare you, Tippy...」
I release my clenched fists indignantly and pat Tippy on the head to reassure her.
For now, let's think about Tippy and Shiona.
If we stay in the city like this, we'll be in danger for these two.
To be honest, I want to help everyone in town. But I can't do it right now. I don't have the strength or the wisdom to do it.
I'll freeze the emotions Shiona and the townsfolk taught me, and mechanically... make the most efficient choice.
Let's go somewhere calm and collected.
「Tipii, let's get out of town for now. And think of a way to help the townspeople.」
As I spoke, my chest tightened.
That's because I put my life on the line.
I've chosen the life I can reach in front of me.
I'm sure that's a pathetic thing to do. Even though the weight of life is equal......I'm still trying to choose......
「Yeah, that's for the best.」
The little girl's nod makes me feel less guilty.
「Let's hide in that abandoned factory for now. There shouldn't be anything there that Humans want.」
「In that case, I need to get Ray and Shiona's food...」
「Yeah. It'd be nice if we could stop by the church somehow.」
The library and the church we're in are on the opposite side of the plaza, on the edge of the town.
Even if I left the town and took a wide detour, I wouldn't be able to get anywhere without any cover. On top of that, I'd be carrying Shiona on my back.
In that case, I guess we'll just have to walk under the rubble. This time, it'll be even more difficult since Tippy's with us, but...
I explained it to Tippy as clearly as I could.
「Is it hard to go to school today?」
「Yeah... For now, at least.」
「Then it's fine if you just do it.」
「...Did you?」
「Yeah, I did. I'll take the noodles and go all the way to today.」
「Yeah, Chika. If it's Chika, no one will find her.」
「Underground... Underground, huh? But how?」
「You just have to go inside and take care of the town.」
...I see.
If that's the case, I should be able to get to the church without anyone finding me.
「That's a good idea, Tippy! You're amazing, Tipie.」
「Ehehe... Ray praised me.」
「But I wonder where the manhole is in town.」
「Hmm... Ray, come here.」
Tippy takes my hand and leads me to the bookshelf.
Without the slightest hesitation, I arrive in front of a certain bookshelf.
「Ahem.」
I pick up the book that Tippy's pointing at and open it.
Inside was a map of the manhole and its underground waterways.
「That's amazing, Tippy! With this, we can get to the church without any problems.」
「Thanks... Ray.」
When I pat her on the head, Tippy's eyes narrow in delight.
「Okay, Tippy. Let's get going.」
「Yeah... but wait. I'll do it, just a little― Wait.」
「Yeah, it's fine.」
「Thank you, Ray.」
Tippy bows and disappears into the back room.
Tippy said it wasn't a problem, but I'm still worried about her not regaining consciousness.
Maybe Humans didn't shoot guns that fired bullets, but weapons that robbed people of their freedom of movement.
Now that I know the cause, I know how to deal with it.
I didn't know how scary an unknown situation could be.
「Sorry to keep you waiting, Ray. What's wrong?」
Tippy comes back from the back room.
「No, it's nothing. I was just worried about you.」
I answered as calmly as I could.
「So, what are you taking with you?」
Tippy, who said she'd come prepared, was holding a large bag.
「Give me... a teddy bear.」
「I see. So it's important.」
「Also... Papa and Mama's chin.」
She says sadly.
It's a picture of my parents that won't be coming back.
I don't understand how Tippy feels as she looks at that photo.
「Umm, what's this, then?」
Aside from the large bag, Tippy was carrying a thin but solid metal bag in her hand. It felt a little too uncouth for a petite Tippy to carry.
「I'll talk to you later. More importantly, Ray, let's go.」
「Ah, yeah...」
I carry Shiona, who's lying on the floor, with Tippy's help.Strangely, I don't feel any weight behind it.
「I'm ready, Tippy.」
「Okay, then... Bye-bye.」
Tippy says goodbye to the countless bookshelves.
The voice sounded sad somehow.
I still haven't been able to heal this girl's sadness at all.
But I didn't give up.
We'll be together from now on.
Little by little, we'll be able to spend time together.
I want to heal Tippy's sadness.
And someday, I want Tippy to smile from the bottom of her heart.
That was my secret wish.
「Okay, let's go.」
「――Yeah.」
But even so, Tippy follows me without complaining.
When we arrived at the church, we were exhausted.
There's no sign of Humans around.
We looked around carefully and stepped into the church.
The chapel was silent.
It's as quiet as if the commotion in this town is a lie.
I found a music box on the altar in the back of the chapel.
Did Shiona listen to that tone here?
The sound of my footsteps echoes loudly through the chapel as I head to the music box.
I approach the altar and reach for the music box.
I turn the handlebars, and a melody overflows from inside.
That melody warms the depths of my heart.
――Suddenly, I heard a song.
It was coming from behind me.
「Welcome back.」
Shiona said, and got off my back.
「That's not necessary. Does it hurt anywhere? Tippy said it's okay, but...」
「Yeah, it looks like it's okay.」
Shiona smiled as if to reassure me. Then she looked at Tippy next to me.
「So... you're here too, huh?」
「Yeah――」
As usual, Tippy nods with a sad look on her face, as if she's prepared for something.
「Shiona...」
Tippy points her palm at Shiona and holds back her words.
「I know, but... I know!」
Shiona hangs her head as if enduring something.
「―Shiona.」
On the other hand, Tippy is just being gentle...
Those were unexpected words.Shiona held her breath and stared into Tippy's small eyes.
「While I was with Ray, I heard what Shiona was trying to do.」
「But then...」
「That's part of it, so I came here. I can't go to the library anymore. ...This town too, I think.」
「Tipii-chan, I'm sorry...」
「It's okay. You don't need to be here.」
As Shiona knelt down and jumped into Tippy's chest, Tippy gently hugged her.
It's like she's the one who's always been like an older sister to me.
「Ray, what should we do now?」
When Tippy said that, I hurriedly came to my senses.
「If you're okay, I want to help the townsfolk. Especially those who were told to dispose of them...」
「A lot?」
「Yeah...」
It sounded like a terrible thing to say......She didn't see Humans as Humans.
「Can you do it, Ray?」
「I don't know, but even so, I can't just stand by and watch someone die in front of me.」
「But Ray's in danger.」
「Yeah, I know that, but...」
I'm up against people who'd point their guns at me without a care in the world. There's nothing I can do if I challenge them head-on.
I'm sure we won't even be able to talk.
「I promise. If there's even the slightest danger, I'll turn back.」
「I swear it. If Ray gets hurt, everything will be lost.」
「Yeah. I can't leave you behind either.」
「Ray...」
「Shiona――」
With that, we parted like magnets opposing us.
「S-Sorry! It's not like I forgot about you, Tippy-chan!」
「You're the only one who's not fair...」
Tippy says that with the tip of her mouth slightly pointed at her.
「I'm sorry, Tippy. I didn't mean to...」
As I apologize, I gently pat Tippy on the head.
「Mmm... But that's not it...」
Even though she says that, her expression isn't half bad.
First, Shiona smiled――Then both Tippy and I smiled.
And so, we laughed together.
The three of us hold hands without anyone else around.
We grip each other's hands tightly so that we'll never leave each other again.
And then, before her resolve could waver, I declared...
「From now on, the three of us will always be together. Forever...」
But, as if mocking me...
Footsteps echo in the distance.
Shiona's smile and Tippy's stiffened.
I'm probably stiffening up, too.
All the townspeople have been captured.
In that case, the person on the way to this church is...
There's no mistaking it. It's Human.
I was the first to move. I looked out the window, making sure not to make a sound.
There was only one silhouette.However, she didn't know how many people were coming after her.
「Shiona, Tippy, go deeper into the chapel. Crouch down as much as you can so that we can't see you from the outside.」
「It's fine, but I think you should lock the door first.」
「We can't. If we do that, we'll definitely get reinforcements. Then we won't stand a chance.」
I want to neutralize those Humans without making any noise.
If we're up against one, I think we can do something about it. If it's just the two of us, we can make a surprise attack.
But if there were more than three of them――I didn't tell Shiona or Tippy, but I was going to be captured.
Silencing my footsteps, I stand behind the door. As I do, the footsteps get closer and closer.
There's only one of them. There isn't anything left.
「...Zzz...」
I took a deep, quiet breath and steeled myself.
I strain my breath. The footsteps... are right next to me.
The door slowly opened.
Next, a man with a gun slowly entered the room.
――Not yet!
In an instant, I swung my arm down from my blind spot.
Without a moment's delay, I kicked the gun off the floor.
At the same time, I swat my feet, but I can't dodge that.
We're still too close to touch each other.
It's probably safe to assume that he has a weapon other than a gun.
In that case, I'll aim for the moment when she reaches out to me, and if she jumps at me, I will put an end to it.
But the man quietly tilts his head to the side and looks at me.
「You bastard, what are you planning?」
She asks in a monotone voice.
「Why are you antagonizing us? Are you the owner of this town?」
「Owner? I just want to do something for the people of this town.」
「You sound like a Phyllod.」
「...Then what...? That's why I exist.」
As I spoke, I took off the glove in my right hand and showed off my mechanical hand.
It wouldn't be wise to fight me head-on with my mechanical body.
If I make her think that, she might back off.
All I need to do right now is keep Shiona and Tippy safe. Even if they find out who I am, I'll protect what I want to protect.
That's my role as a Phylloid.
The man cocked his head to the side again at my actions.
「What are you talking about? Phylloids can't act in battle at all. They're built to obey orders so that they can never disobey Humans.」
「Huh?」
「Either way, you are an incongruous person who is bound by the ideas of the old days. I will eliminate you before you become a source of misfortune.」
The tip was aimed straight at her throat.
I grabbed the blade of the knife with my mechanical right hand. Then, I put all my strength into it and twisted it hard.
That alone was enough to snap the knife's blade open from the base.
I push her down with all my body weight. I place my left arm's elbow against her throat, and seal both of my legs with my knees.
「Ray!」
Shiona rushed out from the back of the room.
Holding his throat with my left hand, I raised my metal right hand as I spoke.
It's a metal arm that can even break a knife. If I swing it at my head with all my might, I won't be able to escape unscathed.
「Ray, stop.」
Shiona begged in a trembling voice.
――But...
Gritting my molars, I swung my right hand down with all my might.
My right hand sank halfway into it.
Not on the man's head, but on the floor right next to him.
「Why are you letting me live? Considering our own safety, killing me is the right choice.」
The man says that with no expression on his face.
「That's not true. No matter the reason, killing him is wrong.」
「That's inexorable. Your thoughts are too inefficient.」
「I will take you hostage, and release the townspeople.」
I grab her by the collar and pull her up.
「That is meaningless. My life is worthless. If dying now opens up a future for my comrades, then I have no reason to hold back.」
The man takes something out of his pocket without changing the tone of his voice at all.
It was an old-fashioned bomb. As soon as I pulled out the safety pin, she grabbed my arm.
「Wha!?」
I quickly pull my arm back, but it doesn't budge.
I shuddered.
Why isn't this Human showing any emotion in his expression, despite the fact that he's about to give up his life?
It was as if my body was bound by the color of those eyes that I couldn't see.
No! If I stop thinking, it's all over!
I instantly changed my mind and began analyzing the situation.
The man is holding a really small bomb about the size of a small fruit.
However, since it's a bomb, it should be able to kill people, and most of all, it might be noticed by Humans living in the town by the explosion.
When? When will it explode?
She's probably planning to self-destruct. She definitely doesn't have much time.
But what should we do? The scale of the explosion will cause damage to Shiona and the others who are hiding.
If it's impossible to nullify this bomb, then how can we minimize its effects?
I reflexively hugged the man, like I was holding a bomb.
This way, at the very least, I might be able to protect Ciona and the others from the blast. It might be incomplete, but it's the best choice.
At least the two of us...
The next moment, a shock came.
From the side. It's like I'm being pushed......no, that's not it, I was pushed!
I roll across the floor and look where I came from.
Shiona was there, carrying a bomb.
「Shiona!」
「Get down!」
The bomb she was gripping burst with a powerful light and sound.
Maybe the scale of the explosion wasn't that big because it was a type of bomb that didn't want to be killed.
Even so, I was at point-blank range, and I was getting dizzy from the sound of the blast.
Humans who were also at point-blank range were also unconscious.
「Shiona!」
As my vision wavered, I screamed.
Please, stay safe.
「Shiona?!」
「...Ray...」
「Shio... na...」
「Shiona, patch me up right now!」
The distance between us felt really long.
I slapped my unsteady legs and walked over to Shiona.
That's when I saw it.
「What... is this...?」
I was speechless when I saw Shiona.
The right arm that's been thrown onto the floor... The metal frame... from the wrist to the end?
It wasn't a bone. It was definitely different.It was clearly different from Humans.
And----there is none.
That's strange.
What should have been there wasn't there.
Red.
That's proof of Humanity.
「Wh... Wh... Why?」
「B-But...」
I clenched my glove-covered right hand.
That's right, if it's the same......it'd be nice if it was the same too......
「Shiona, um... are you... okay?」
「Yeah, I can handle this much.」
That can't be true.
That can't be true.
That's how close she was when she was hit by the explosion.
There's no way she'll be okay.
I'm sure it hurts so bad that I can't help but cry.
And yet...
So why?
「More than me... Ray, head.」
I followed Shiona's gaze and put my hand to my head.
――Yeah, I wonder why.
Why do I have what Ciona needs?
I don't need this.
I didn't need this, so I wanted you to have it.
No, it should have been.
Shiona put her hand on my head.
「You're bleeding. Are you okay?」
Blood was flowing from my head.
Red.
Red blood.
It doesn't flow into Phyllods...
In contrast, not even a drop of blood flowed from Shiona's arm.
Instead, I can see the exposed mechanical parts.
This means only one thing.
That's...
「...Ray? It's big, but are you all right, Shiona?! Ray?!」
Tippy comes out from the back and screams.
Tears well up in her eyes with a worried expression.
「You two need to fix your injuries...!」
「It's okay... I'm fine...」
I gently wrap my arms around the panicking Tippy.
After being hugged, Tippy spreads a slightly relieved expression across my face.
But it's unstable.
It looks like it's about to collapse at any moment, but seeing it makes my heart ache.
「Ray... What should I do? I can't stay here anymore...」
Tipi speaks in a trembling voice. Shiona nods in agreement.
It's true that the other Humans will definitely come from the explosion earlier.
There were a lot of things I wanted to ask.
There were so many things I wanted to confirm.
But now, I swallow it.
「...Let's go. Let's leave the town.」
We left the church with only the bare minimum of luggage.
Then, following Tippy's instructions, I used the back roads of the town to escape outside, and headed for the abandoned factory.
I was reminded of that, too...
I was the only one... who felt heavy from fatigue.
With Tippy leading the way, Shiona leads me by the hand.
After arriving at the abandoned factory, I finally sat down on the ground.
I catch my breath next to Shiona, who's making a cool face.
「Tipii, I'm going to get some water.」
The little girl glances at Shiona and disappears into the abandoned factory.
She probably entrusted all of the explanations to Shiona.
「...Shiona.」
Shiona smiled back at me, looking a little troubled.
「I'm sure you've noticed by now, but I'm... no, all the people who live in this town are Phyllods.」
That's... what I was trying to look away from.
I had a hunch... that something was off... but I didn’t want to admit it...
「So... am I a Human?」
When my head was damaged, a red liquid leaked out of the damaged area.
It's very similar to the blood flowing through a Human's body.
Phyllods don't have fluids like that, so there's no way they'd flow.
「You've always misunderstood me because I have a mechanical arm, haven't you......? It's a medical artifact that makes up for lost limbs in an accident or something.」
「No way... Then I really am...」
「That's right, you're Human. We're Phyllod's birth parents and partners. That's you. The townspeople are all Phylloids. You're the only Human.」
「I see...」
I stared at the glove-covered machine's right hand and weakly gripped it.
I've always thought of her as the complete opposite......
Shiona is a Phyllod... and I'm a Human...
――In other words, I'm a Human who should be hated.
I felt something deep in my chest.
That emotion is painful.
I'm so sad.
I'm angry.
He was the same cold-hearted, merciless, evil being.
I couldn't help but feel a pain in my chest.
The fact that I can't change it makes me angry.
The man I was talking to earlier was right.
I'm a Human, not a Phyllod.
And the Humans, the rulers, are trying to do something terrible to the people of Phyllod――No, they're probably already doing it.
How did this happen?
All I wanted to do was live with Ciona and the townsfolk.
I just wanted to make everyone happy.
But, but, but...
I can't do that.
Because I'm a Human.
That's because I'm one of the helpless creatures.
I felt warmth in my clenched fist.
I look down to see Shiona's hand on top of mine.
The temperature is artificial.
But it had nothing to do with me.
.. It's warm.
That alone was enough to ease the burden on my heart.
But at the same time, my own lack of self-reflection became clear.
I wonder if I have the right to show her kindness.
「Do you want to know more about you two?」
Shiona smiled at me.
「You guys are Humans?」
「That's right, Human. Do you want to know about our partner?」
If I can find out, I want to know.
So I nodded.
「I'd like to know... I want to know how we ended up like this.」
「Ray, do you remember the picture of Tippy in the library?」
「Yeah, I remember...」
「You see, Tippy-chan paints that picture every day. Every day, every day, at any time, every single day.」
I closed my eyes and recalled that scene.
There were dozens, if not hundreds, of pictures drawn in crayons.
「How many do you think there are?」
「I don't know... If you're a Phyllod, then you've been drawing for years too... so there must be a thousand of them.」
「86,671.」
「80,000――」
Once again, I was assaulted by a strong dizziness. But it wasn't from the explosion or the blood loss that followed.
Did Tippy spend such a long time alone in the dark library?
There shouldn't have been anyone coming to the library.
It must have been a lonely day.
Thinking about the time that Tippy spent there, I feel like I'll lose my footing just from that.
That's what Tippy had to endure.
With that small body.
「We Phylloids were born a few decades ago. Humans wanted us to――」
Shiona taught me the history of Phylloids like she was singing a song.
First of all, Phylloids are androids equipped with Human emotions that have reached the practical stage.
The basic information on emotions has been installed from the beginning, and the independent thinking circuitry adopts a system that will allow you to learn new emotions afterward.
Including that, it's almost as close to Human as possible.
For this reason, he was able to be extremely close to Humans both in his work and in his daily life.
Eventually, companies with custom-made emotions and memories appeared, leading to an unprecedented phyllod boom.
A family that can't have children buys children's phylloids, and those who have lost their parents or children order a phylloid with those memories.
In the blink of an eye, the number of Phylloids increased, and in a mere ten years, a number comparable to a Human's was produced.
Among them was a phyllod with the most complex emotions of Humans called 'love.'
It had the ability to carry the existence of a life partner.
Even without the process of love, you can obtain someone you love, and your love is guaranteed semi-permanently.
The demand in society, where the number of Humans who prioritized work over romance increased due to the advancement of late-night marriage, was large, and they were accepted with applause.
However, the family that had married Phylloids had no children, which accelerated the decline of the number of children.
And the declining birthrate creates a shortage of marriage partners, and furthermore, it creates a loop that increases the number of filolials.
「And before I knew it, Humans forgot how to nurture love.」
Shiona smiled sadly.
「Human children came to be artificially created using science. However, Humans who lost their love couldn't teach their newborn children love.」
Love was the cause of all emotions.
Because of love, I feel the joy of being able to touch someone.
Because she had love, she knew what she wanted to protect, and she felt anger when it hurt her.
Because I have love, I feel sadness when I lose something important.
Because we love each other... We share the same emotions, share them, and enjoy each other's company.
But... I forgot that.
The Humans who came to the town must be that kind of Humans.
Humans who forgot their 'emotions' along with love even lost their hearts to care for others.
Humans no longer needed love, and the existence of Phyllods with emotions came to feel shunned.
There's so much waste when you think about efficiency.
The Humans eventually came to believe that Phylloids should be machines.
I dared to go into a harsh environment......to do dangerous work......and abuse it beyond the limits of my specs......
But there were Humans who didn't like it.
Humans who leave behind feelings of love appeal. Phyllods are partners.
The world was divided into two.
Humans with love, and Humans without.
And the Humans who don't have them come to a conclusion.
That the ideas of the old generation were foolish, that they should be exterminated...
I didn't even hesitate to press the button on the earth-burning weapon.
Everything else was too soon.
Retribution called for retaliation, and it took less than five days for the world to be engulfed in flames and ashes.
Poisoned land, black clouds blocking the sunlight, a sea that can't moisten life.
The Human history will end with his own hands......
It was such a foolish choice.
「We were born for Humans, but we stole the most important thing from Humans.」
「That's not true... It's all our fault...」
「But there were a lot of Humans who survived. No matter how battered the world gets, life never stops walking.」
I couldn't find the words to respond to Shiona's gentle voice.
「...Ahem. Ahh, ahhh, aahh.」
Suddenly, Shiona started practicing her voice.
And then, when she faced me directly in front of her,
「It's nice to meet you. I'm MODA-117 Alice mk-17 from Asou International. Have you registered as a User yet? Once you've registered, please decide on my personal name. It's the first name you can give me. Please be careful!」
――I was caught off guard.
I've never seen her like this before... That's about it, but this was the first time I'd ever seen her this bright and innocent.
「Were you surprised?」
Shiona asked as she returned to her usual self.
「Y-Yeah...」
「That's the oldest memory I have.」
I wonder when it happened. I can't imagine it.
「Back then, every day was like a festival... It was really lively.」
Shiona showed me a newspaper clipping and a piece of paper.
『The world-famous musician dies.』
The photo on it is the same as the one in the picture frame in Shiona's room.
He had a similar face to me.
「Is this... your brother?」
「That's right, this story was a long time ago. ...You see, I'm the latest model among the Phyllods that were manufactured. I think it was the fifth generation.」
I wonder how Shiona feels when she says she's 'made'?
Phyllods have emotions, just like Humans.
In other words, it's the same as Humans.
Is it really that easy to split it?
「My generation is the first model to be equipped with the concept of 'death'. To get as close to Humans as possible. But my previous models don't have that installed... Mud-san and Tippy-chan are the same. Neither of them understand 'dead'. It's pointless to explain. The day will never come when they understand it.」
To wait for death without knowing it.
There's hope, but it's a hope that will never be rewarded.
Despair in the name of hope.
She thrusts it at me unconditionally.
If she's going to thrust something like that at me, wouldn't it be better to just tell her despair from the start?
I think it's better that way.
「Thipy-chan, you're the older model...... If I remember correctly, you were a second-generation Phyllod. Up until the second generation, you can't extract energy from food. That's why you run with electricity. But there's a limit to how long the battery can run. As a backup battery, you have that plushie of a bear.」
Thinking back on it, Tippy always had a stuffed animal in her hand whenever she moved somewhere.
I didn't realize it was a battery at all.
But there was something that made sense.
That's why Tippy has been in that library all this time.
That library is the only generator system in town.
Tippy stayed there so she could continue her activities.
「Tipii-chan's parents also passed away a long time ago. Probably over 200 years ago. But Tippy-chan, who doesn't have a concept of death, is waiting. She's always, always alone.」
What a miserable story.
I don't know how long Phylloids live, but that's how Tippy spent hundreds of years.
Weeping day after day.
A future that shouldn't have come......but I'm gripped by hope that won't come true.
In that one and only library.
It's like there's a lead ball deep in my chest.
It hurts so much.
But the more I think about it, the deeper it falls into me.
「But it's hard knowing.」
And Shiona was aware of death. In other words, she couldn't even hope to meet him again.
「Ray is watching Mud-san collapse at the general store.」
「Yeah... It was weird. It was like my soul had left me without any external wounds――」
I understand now. Mud-san was already broken back then.
「But we have to live like this. Death for us----until the day we break. For those of us who don't get sick, that's the same as eternity. That's why we try to be Humans. It's too sad not to do that, isn't it? Taking over the work our partner did, taking over the post that disappeared...... We're going to turn the world around, just like Humans did. So that this world that Humans have been spinning will never stop.」
Mud runs a general store.
Photographers, bars, and various shops were lined up in the streets.
It was all Phyllod's doing.
It was the Phyllods' efforts to protect the Human world.
It was the last hope of the Phyllods, who had been left behind.
「When Humans come back someday, we'll spend every day so that we can talk about the world from back when we were having fun, so we can give it back.」
Shiona smiled.
An emotion that would never match the current situation.
Shiona was protecting herself with that smile.
I could see the sadness in her smile.
「...But we Phylloids have a flaw too. If something is too painful to bear, only some emotion will come forward. I'm like this, Mud-san is always angry, and Tippy-chan is always sad.」
But Shiona continued.
「That's our last bastion. If even that emotion disappears, we'll be destroyed... We'll die.」
「Then, when Shiona was shot, Mud-san...」
「That's right. I didn't go on a journey. After Ray finished showing that movie, Mud-san was scared――No, he stopped moving.」
「So Shiona was the one who closed the shop?」
「Yeah. If you didn't, the townspeople would be fine, but I thought you'd be suspicious. Isn't that right?」
「Well, yeah, but...」
If the store had been open there, I would have gone inside without a doubt and found Mud-san, who had stopped moving.
If Humans hadn't come, I'm sure they wouldn't have noticed.
In the end, it's clear that I wasn't mistaken.
I didn't want to believe it, but it was the truth.
「Onii-chan told me that 'emotions are the pieces of a puzzle called life.' The pieces called emotions are what keep you alive. If you lose your emotions, all the pieces fall apart. That's the same for Humans and Phylloids. Mud-san's feelings of anger towards his son were dispelled, and that's why they broke.」
If so, I was the one who killed Mud-san.
I found the regenerative device on my own and showed Mud his son's movie.
If it hadn't been for that, Mud-san wouldn't have been broken and would still be moving.
Perhaps sensing my feelings, Shiona circled around to my left and put her hand on mine.
「Don't worry, it's not Ray's fault. Sooner or later, we're doomed to be like that. Just like how Humans can't escape death. Mud-san must have been happy. He was finally able to learn his son's true feelings.」
「Maybe so. But――」
I can't help but feel frustrated.
If I had known that, I would have forced myself to stop.
「You're so kind, Ray...」
「That's not true...」
Shiona stood next to me.
I can't see Shiona's expression.
Anxiety slammed into my chest from within.
「But even if I knew, I still wished for it. I thought I'd be able to see that smile again someday.」
Shiona smiled sadly as she looked down at the picture of her brother.
「That's why, when I first met Ray, I was so happy. Ah, so it was a dream after all. Onii-chan was alive.」
To die.
Whether I knew it or not, it was both painful.
Humans made me feel good, forced my family onto me, and left me with nothing but the pain of death.
Selfish and despicable.
That was us Humans.
「Tipii-chan feels lonely because she lost her family. So if she acts like family, she'll die. That doesn't mean I don't want Ray to say those words. We Phylloids have a rule that says and does not 'make people realize that we're Phylloids.' That's because it destroys Humans' dreams. But I went too far... I'm sorry. 」
A sweet scent wafted from Cina's head as she bowed.
It's true that what Ciona did was unforgivable.
However, considering how Shiona felt, it was clear that the method was the most appropriate.
「It can't be helped. You're just following the rules. It's not your fault.」
Forgive someone, forgive them.
She apologized, and apologized.
Crying, getting angry, laughing.
That's what a Human is.
As Phyllods, they knew that better than anyone.
「Thank you for talking to me, Shiona. For being so nice to a Human like me...」
I'm sorry as a Human.
I can't believe I'm repaying Phyllods for all they've done for me.
Even as we speak, Humans may be 『disposing』 of Phyllods in the town.
And I doubt Phylloids can put up much of a fight against that.
I couldn't hide the pain in my chest when I thought about that.
Shiona gently reached out her arm and pulled me close.
A warm warmth enveloped me.
「Of course not. Humans and Phylloids are partners now and in the past. The future is set in stone.」
I felt like that was the emotion I didn't understand until the very end.
It's warm, wide, deep, strong, gentle, soft, big, and precious.
Humans had lost a lot of things.
But the Humans had forgotten, so they remembered.
Years, decades, hundreds of years.
Even though they endured the loneliness, they continued to protect me.
I felt like I had to inherit it and protect her in the same way.
It's not an obligation or an order.
It was what I wanted.
「I'm back. There's a beautiful water.」
As I'm sharing my body heat with Shiona, Tippy calls out to me from behind.
Embarrassed for some reason, I quickly distanced myself from Shiona.
The warmth that had been touching my skin was being kidnapped by the air.
But the gap was soon filled with a new warmth.
When I look, I see that Tippy has entered the room between Shiona and me.
「You too, Tippy. Hold me tight.」
Shiona and I looked at each other.
Shiona seems to be entrusting her judgment to me.
Tippy has lived in solitude for 200 years.
At this rate, Tippy will be able to live a semi-permanent life without breaking.
But is that happiness?
Is there any value in an empty life?
I hugged Shiona close.
Tippy and I are standing in the room.
Shiona embraced me in the same way.
Tippy hugs us both and whispers softly.
「It's so warm...」
It's the first warmth I've felt in 200 years.
For 200 years, Tippy had been waiting for something so trivial.
It was a very sad time...
If I can give her two hundred years' worth of warmth, I definitely want to give it to Tippy.
Because if I do, I think I can say that the time that Tippy has been waiting for isn't a waste.
「What are you going to do now, Ray?」
Shiona asked me, still holding Tippy from behind.
「If possible... I want to help everyone in the town, but... I don't think that's possible right now.」
I feel bad for the townspeople, but I don't have that power.
First of all, I want to secure the safety of Shiona and Tippy.
「It's a little far, but let's go to the factory where I woke up.」
No, that wasn't a factory, was it?
A world devoid of people due to the war, a facility that will continue to sleep until the soil is even slightly better.
I... I was a little late in waking up.
「There's still electricity there. Shiona and I can take it orally, so we can manage if we bring food from the town. But in Tippy's case, we need to charge it.」
「Shiona...」
She must've realized it just from what she said.Thipy raises her voice.
「Yeah, that's right... Sorry.」
「No, it's fine. I thought it was about time for us to go together.」
With a somewhat sad, yet slightly stiff expression, Tippy continues.
「Tippie, you need to do what you can... Now's your chance.」
「...Tipii-chan?」
Shiona asks Tippy a question. She must've fallen for something.
「The three of us will survive.」
Those words were unfounded.
There's no guarantee.
Even so, all I could do was keep saying those words.
「The three of us will always, always survive together.」
It was just an ideal.
I know that the world isn't so kind as to live on ideals alone.
Of course, the same could be said for Shiona.
Even so, Shiona didn't question me in the slightest.
Anxiety and discontent.
All of those words were sealed away.
I'm sure they're filling my heart.
In fact, those emotions were ravaging my heart.
Even so, it's necessary.
Words of hope.
「...Yeah.」
Shiona nodded and hugged me and Tippy even tighter.
And so, we began our journey to the orphanage.
「So this is the town...」
Seeing the wasteland, Tippy pulls the teddy bear close to her chest.
「Is it different from the scenery you know?」
「Yeah. The last time I saw you, you had a Michi, a Mori, and... and then...」
The scenery that Tippy told me about was on an even larger scale than the festival Shiona told us about.
At that time, Humans were able to freely control not only the town, but also nature, Phyllod, and even the weather.
「In that case... By the time I started operating, Humans had already begun to decline...」
Shiona looked a little lonely. The hem of her clothes opened wide in the dusty wind.
「Okay, let's go!」
With a little food and a spare battery for Tippy, we walk through the wilderness to survive.
And most of all, to survive.
Struggling, struggling, surviving.
I struggle, struggle, and live.
As long as you're alive, that's all that matters.
It was worth it just to live.
That's what I truly thought.
I searched my memory as I walked, using the position of the sun that I could faintly feel through the dim clouds.
As the sun set and the temperature dropped, the three of us fell asleep, our shoulders huddled together.
Sometimes they sing, sometimes they cheer each other up, and sometimes they play around...
It's not just painful. I'll continue my journey.
We crossed the reddish-brown earth and arrived at our destination three whole days later, when the sun began to set.
「The building's half-buried in sand... We can't find it like this. I didn't think there was any equipment like this left...」
When we entered the room, there was a faint light, and the air conditioning made a faint sound from somewhere.
The room didn't change at all when I woke up. For the time being, I put away the Phyllod parts, which were probably unpleasant for Shiona and Tippy.
I'm sure these Phyllods were protecting us humans from cold sleep.
「Yay! You're going to get me!」
Tippy runs off and sits down on the sofa.
As soon as I sat down, the strength drained from my body.
Looks like she's been pushing herself too hard.
「...This place is kind of cold.」
「It's originally meant for cold sleep.」
Even though we're indoors, it's a little colder than outside.
Since the air conditioning's working, I'd like to think it still has a function to raise the temperature inside the facility.
But I don't know where it is.
「I hope it's a heater too...」
「Just do this. Ray, sit next to Tippy-chan.」
「Like this?」
「I'll get closer!」
「L-Like this?」
When I asked her that, she looked satisfied.
「Yeah, I'm fine now!」
Then, I sit down on the opposite side of the table from where we're glued to each other.
――Strongly, like Tippy and I.
「See? This is warm, isn't it?」
「Y-Yeah... You're right.」
It was definitely warm.It was warm, but...
「How's it going, Tippy-chan? Still cold?」
「Mmm... It's warm.」
Tippy narrows her eyes and snuggles up to my arm.
「Warm? I'm glad.」
「Yeah, it's warm... It's really warm, Ray. Almost like...」
「It's like, what's wrong?」
「It's like I'm being creeped out.」
「.........」
「Tipii's papa and mama used to tease him like this a lot.」
「Yeah. It's warm, like that time.」
「...Yeah, it's warm.」
「...Hey, let's play again. Hold on to Tippy?」
I almost hugged her without thinking, but I stopped when I felt Shiona's sad gaze on me.
「Tipii-chan, I can't do that.」
「Why not? Aren't you hugging me?」
「Yes, that's right. Because we're not family, Tippy-chan.」
「It's not cold...... Tippy, are you alone?」
「Yes. No matter how much we spend together, I'm alone. I can't change that.」
If I had to pick up the words, it's cold, as if she hates Tippy.
But now I know.
That those words were filled with kindness.
The only emotion left in Tippy.
----Sadness.
Filling Tippy's heart means freeing her from her sadness...
In other words, it's like I'm going to die.
Up until now, I've been hugging Tippy without thinking about anything.
But that might have been a cruel act of kindness.
No, maybe it wasn't even kindness.
It was nothing more than an act of self-satisfaction to shorten Tippy's life.
Shiona's been enduring it all this time.
To protect Tippy's sorrow......and above all, to protect her.
To be honest, I probably wanted to hug her.
I probably wanted to pat her on the head and offer her kind words.
I probably wanted to give her a smile that would make her heart turn orange.
I endured it without holding out my hand to this blue girl.
That's why I thought I had to endure it too.
Or so I thought... but I couldn't stop myself.
I just couldn't leave this sad-looking girl in front of me alone.
I pull Tippy into my arms, along with Shiona.
The back of my eyes grew hot.
I know this is an act to shorten Tippy's life, but I ask myself why I can't stop her.
Isn't she just fulfilling her desires temporarily...?
I really am a Human......
He's selfish, self-interested, and a Human who hurts others.
I hugged the two of them so tightly it hurt.
I embrace the warmth of both of them.
We drew closer to each other, as if to fill the 200-year gap.
Even in the cold equipment, the warmth of the three of us doesn't feel that cold.
That's how warm it was.
The melody spilled out naturally from Shiona's mouth.
That song my brother wrote.
That melody illuminates the depths of my heart.
Her gentle voice echoes throughout the factory.
「Tipii, I love your crotch.」
Tippy said, burying her face in my chest.
「I remember when Papa and Mama were here... and somehow, I can't stop myself.」
The girl repeats her sadness.
Tippy's been repeating that sadness for 200 years.
I might not be able to wipe away that 200 years' worth of sadness.
But I can give her this momentary warmth.
I put two hundred years' worth of warmth into my embrace.
But that little time didn't last long.
「Huh...? Tippy?」
I look at Tippy, who's sitting on the sofa.
There's Tippy, staring blankly ahead.
「What's wrong? Are you not feeling well?」
「Hmm? ...Hmm...」
She doesn't seem to be doing well.
Maybe it's because I've been freed from the tension, or maybe because I walked for so long.
Either way, it looks like she needs to rest.
「Tippie looks tired too, so let's rest for today.」
「...Y-Yeah.」
She replies a moment too late. She must have been thinking about something.
「Ray, Tippy-chan, you might not have enough energy. That might be why your attention is distracted.」
「I see... Then we need to resupply the electricity. ――Huh? How do we do that?」
「It's non-contact charging. The charging equipment should be the same, so we need to find a connector and store electricity in the teddy bear first.」
「Okay. If you find something that looks like it, please confirm it.」
「Leave it to me.」
Leaving Tippy on the sofa, I check the equipment.
There are a lot of cold-sleeping devices lined up. I look for something that's still leaking cold air inside.
And then, I opened the maintenance lid at the base of it and examined the cables connected to the switchboard.
Before long, I discovered something like a connector connected to a thick cable.
「Yeah, this type's fine. I'll borrow a teddy bear from you, Tippy-chan.」
Shiona borrows a teddy bear from Tippy, opens the zipper on her back, and opens the connector.
I plug the charger into it, and the bear's eyes blink twice.
That must be the signal to start charging. Shiona sighs in relief.
Tippy also squeezes the bear's hand tightly. I feel like the light in her eyes has grown stronger, probably because she can feel the power from that alone.
「Shiona, let's have dinner too.」
I showed her the oral block I found while looking for the cable to charge it.
It's the same thing I found on my way out of this facility.
「It doesn't taste as good as your soup, but I think it's nutritious.」
「No, I'm happy because I was hungry. Just being able to eat makes my chest feel warm.」
I lined up the portable plates and placed the oral blocks on top of them.
Because I thought that doing this would make it look even a little more like a meal.
At a time like this, I want to treasure my daily life, even if it's just minor.
I wanted to trace back to what I did at Shiona's house in that town.
「It looks delicious.」
Shiona smiled, as if she understood my wish.
We put our hands together in front of the meal.
As we watched, Tippy came over to us.
She puts the teddy bear in front of her and puts her hands together like we did.
「Together with everyone.」
「Tipii-chan...?」
「Haha, Tippy's a real delicacy. It's really luxurious.」
Tippy bashfully smiles.
These past few days, I've been through so much hardship, but now I'm at peace.
In the distant past, we Humans must have lived like this with our Phyllod partners.
No, I should still be able to get my life back.
I lost my emotions, so I should be able to return to the time I'd forgotten......just as they taught me......
That's what I was thinking as I brought the remaining oral block to my mouth.
...At that moment...
『Warning. The wear and tear rate of the main batteries is over 90%. Please replace and maintain the batteries immediately.』
Tippy suddenly says that in a businesslike tone.
『We're going to request an online exchange from the service center. The service center is off-line. We're retrying.――The service center's offline. Retrying......』
「Shiona, this is...!」
「I don't know what you're talking about, but Tippy-chan's battery can't recharge.」
「I couldn't charge it...」
The voltage is different? No, it's through the teddy bear, so that shouldn't be a problem.
Does that mean there's a problem with the battery?
If there's a possibility......it's degraded over time.Now that I think about it, it's been operating for over 200 years.
It wouldn't be strange for her to be completely exhausted.
「I might need a new battery...」
「A brand-new battery... And I don't think Tippy-chan's generation would have been able to replace it without a specialized technician taking it apart once...!」
「No way...」
Cold sweat runs down my back.
In other words, Tippy's going to stop――No, she'll die?
「No way, we've come all this way...!」
「It's okay... I already knew that.」
All we can do is stare at Tippy's voice as if it's been struck by lightning.
「Tipii-chan, could it be that you knew this would happen――」
「Yeah... I thought this would happen when I left the library. I've noticed that the battery charging rate has been dropping for 647 days.」
With a weak smile, Tippy answers.
「More importantly, we need to do what Tippy can do... Ray, can you bring the metal bag that Tippy was carrying?」
「O-Okay!」
She's been carrying a slim but unrefined metal bag since she left the library. Carrying it heavier than I expected, I carry it in front of her.
Tippy casually places one hand in the middle of her bag. With that alone, the two keys next to the handle are automatically unlocked.
There's a black board inside. It's about the size of a slightly larger book. However, it's much thinner than that, and only about half as short as a picture book.
Tippy carefully takes it out with both hands and slowly turns to me.
「Ray, put your hand here. It's not a machine.」
「Like this?」
I do as Tippy says and place the non-prosthetic hand on the black board. When I do...
A gentle man's voice rang out from the blackboard.
「The current management, Vortex Corporation's Mk.K. 3737 Model name 'Dorothy' Individual Name 'Tipii', has approved the continuation of the work. Continue the registration process.」
『Confirmed. Registration applicant, please state your name to identify the individual.』
「Umm... Ray.」
『Understood. { Ray } has been registered as a new administrator. Please receive an oral explanation of how to use it from the current administrator. That is all.』
After saying that, the blackboard fell silent.
「Tipii, that was...」
「All the books in the library have been digitized. It's the backup data for Tippy's memory region.」
Tipi answers in a slightly tired--and yet somehow accomplished-- tone.
I remembered the many handwritten books lined up in the library.
Tipi remembered every word written on it without making a mistake.
So that book was written by Tippy after all.
So that even if I stopped myself someday... no, I could predict that I would stop, and leave a record of prehistoric civilization as a book.
It's not like that place was a library.Tippie was the library itself.
「When you use it, place your hand in the middle of the board, just like before. Then the tablet--the board--will start glowing. After that, you can use the voice recognition function of the admins to call up all the data......」
「Well then――」
I follow Tippy's lead and activate the tablet she called a tablet. I do as she says and place my hand on it.
『Check biometrics, confirm administrator ray. Which data do you want to load?』
「The manual! How to repair the Phyllods... Um, how to replace the batteries!」
『Let's begin the search......there are 3,955 items, 124,751. Narrowing down is recommended.』
「Out of all of them, we've got the Vortex's MSK-373737 model, Dorothy.」
『Starting search......the conditions match.』
The surface of the tablet glows brightly, and letters appear.
『It's almost impossible for the User to repair it. Please let us rest until the Service Center personnel arrive.』
My vision went dark.
「How's it going? Is it working?」
「Yeah, it's moving... but...」
「That tablet... only moves about... enough... to last about ten minutes...」
It's more than enough time for me, but Phyllod, and the library's management system probably aren't that long.
「Is it really okay for me to use it?」
「If anything, use it. From now on......Tippie won't be able to hold out much longer......」
「That's not true! You've been saving me all this time, haven't you, Tippy!?」
When I fixed Shiona's music box, when I fixed Mud's projector, all of that was done because Tippy had memorized the library's books and told me.
「I'm happy to hear you say that, Ray――Use this from now on......」
Tippy, who was sitting on the sofa, slowly lies down.
「Tipii!」
「Tipii-chan!」
I've been waiting for 200 years.
I can't let it end here.
Tippy's small mouth flaps up and down.
She sounds like she's saying something, but her voice is so quiet that it doesn't reach my ears.
I brought my ear close to her mouth.
「Hey, Ray... Tippy, that was fun.」
Tippy puts her hand on mine.
It's a small, soft hand.
「Ray is your father, and Shiona is your mother... You're both kind and loving family.」
No matter how coldly I treat her, no matter how much I push her away, I can't hide my true feelings.
Tippy noticed.
How much we cared about Tippy.
Ever since we got involved, it's been decided that this will happen to Tippy.
There's nothing I can do about that.
Being alone for so long was the only way for Tippy to live.
But of course that's impossible.
Tippy has feelings.
We're not perfect enough to overlook sadness.
No, I wouldn't call it perfect.
Because we can feel sadness, we're allowed to have emotions.
Slowly.
Tippy closes her eyes like a handkerchief sinking into the water.
Even though we're Phyllods, we can't even save them.
There's nothing I can do now that I've created it.
Humans really are selfish creatures.
「Hey, Shiona...」
Tippy's eyelids slowly opened again.But the light was already gone from her eyes.She probably couldn't see anymore.
「I do... I'm here, Tippy-chan...」
Shiona's voice trembled slightly.
「Thank goodness... Right, Shiona?」
「Yeah...?」
「Thank you for everything up until now. You did your best to make sure that Tippy doesn't break.」
「I'm sure you've noticed, it's been over two hundred years since you first started operating... But your service life was originally one hundred and fifty years. So this isn't your fault, Shiona or Ray. We did what we could...」
When Tippy left the library and came to the church, Shiona apologized to Tippy, and Tippy forgave her.
So that's what she meant by that...
「So, please. Shiona, don't cry... Sing... Song...」
「Yeah... Yeah!」
「Tipii... I love your song... Shiona.」
Shiona began to sing. She would occasionally sob, and her tone would go haywire. But even so, Shiona kept singing. To that melody...
「Thank... you...」
Tippy laughs――And then stops moving.
My hands trembled.
And that's not all.
My whole body was shaking.
Just now, on my lap, a single small life had come to an end.
If I had to put it into words, it might not be life.
But to me, it was an irreplaceable life.
Shiona continued to sing quietly.
She wasn't out of tune anymore. She was the same as always――But that song had a clear ring to it.
It's a melody dedicated to Tippy.
Something hot flowed down my cheeks.
It runs down her chin and lands on Tippy's cheek.
Even though Tippy isn't crying, it looks like she's crying.
I hugged Tippy close.
That small body will never move again.
Her mouth was no longer able to speak.
Her hand is no longer drawing.
That's 'death'.
Warmth spread through my head.
Shiona was hugging me.
My eyes instantly get hot.
It's an emotion that spills out. An unbearable pain, an uncontrollable sadness... a tremendous sadness.
For the first time in my life, I shed tears.
Tears for Tippy...
After that, our lives changed drastically.
Tippy entrusted me with an e-book terminal containing all of the library's books.
Since I was once called a tablet, my knowledge of it had increased exponentially.
How to grow crops, houses that can only be made from stone and mud, how to predict the weather, and so many animals and plants that can no longer be seen.
Furthermore, it's a newspaper database from the past 350 years until the library shuts down.
If I search, I'm sure I'll be able to find out more about myself.
「Are you studying again today, Ray?」
「Yeah. There's a lot I need to remember.」
「What kind of books are you reading today?」
「Survival... no matter the environment, it's how to survive.」
The cold sleep facility didn't have that much power.And if there was, it had to be able to withstand a certain amount of electricity with just a small amount of power.
We have already begun to secure drinking water using morning and evening dew, and the problem of securing the weakest drinking water in this facility is considerably improving.
That's right. From here on out, you can't just say things with physical strength or physical strength, like you've been doing up until now.
What we need from now on is knowledge. With knowledge, we can take on many opponents on our own, and we can avoid them without having to face them. Or we can even win.
It might even be possible to help the townspeople.
I devour the power that Tippy left for me.
While I was reading, Shiona was singing by Tipi's side.
Among the luggage I brought out from the town was Shiona's brother's music box.
Occasionally, instead of singing, she would turn the wheel and play the gentle melody of the music box.
It was a very peaceful, comforting time.
With my knowledge, I should be able to live here with you forever.
That's why... I didn't notice.
There's something wrong with Shiona's body...
「Ray, dinner's ready.」
As usual, Shiona smiled as she prepared the food.
The oral block had been dissolved in water, making it look like soup.
It looks a lot like the orange soup that Shiona always makes in town.
「Thank you. Drinking this soup will cheer you up.」
「Hearing you say that makes me happy too. It makes my heart turn orange.」
「But there's not much in your soup, Shiona.」
The amount of soup in the bowl is less than half that of mine.
「I'm a Phyllod, so this much should be enough for me if I put it in save mode.」
「Really?」
「Yeah. So eat up, Ray. You don't feel so good when you're hungry, do you?」
Yeah... Why didn't I notice?
By this time......her Phylloid functions had already decreased......
With half of my energy, I was only able to operate enough.
As usual, I read books and Shiona sang for me.
I run my fingers along the tablet's surface, wondering if there's a way to free the townspeople.
Suddenly, the rhythm of the song stops.
When I looked up, wondering if something had happened, Shiona was frozen in place, covering her mouth.
The music box I was holding had stopped as well.
「Shiona...? What's wrong?」
「Umm... No, it's nothing. I just wanted to sing...」
She says and takes a deep breath.
And then she started singing again, but...
「...Huh? I don't know how far it went...」
「Shio...na...?」
「Ahaha... That's weird. I loved that song so much. Wait a second, I'll remember it right away...」
Shiona closed her eyes and tried to start singing again and again.
But the investigation that comes out of her mouth is completely different from what I know.
「I wonder what happened... I can't remember Onii-chan's song...」
「Shiona?! Is there anything wrong with your body?!」
I was an idiot. In the end, I was only concerned with myself.
Cina treated me kindly, took good care of me, satisfied with that, and spoiled me... I hadn't thought about her.
When I left town, I was caught in an explosion that made me lose my arm's artificial skin.
「Shiona! You were seriously injured during that explosion!」
Shiona thought for a moment, then shook her head.
「That was fine. Yeah.」
As for Shiona... Phyllods don't lie.
But I think about Humans and hide my words.
She said she'd be fine, so there probably wasn't any damage from being caught in the explosion.
She's right. That's...
「...Shiona. Can you show me your condition?」
「...Yeah.」
At my urging, Shiona hesitated once before nodding.
I tried to look away out of embarrassment at the suddenness of it all, but she wouldn't let go of my gaze.
Shiona's white, firm chest.
There was a small hole in it.
「Well...」
Forgetting that it was a woman's body, I approached the wound.
This is a gunshot wound.
I immediately remember when Mud-san protected me from Humans.
「So... you were right...」
「I thought you'd be okay, but it doesn't look like it.」
Shiona looked like a child whose pranks had been found out, but she didn't show any signs of being apologetic. She stuck out her tongue and laughed.
I know it's a smile to keep me from feeling guilty.
Even at a time like this, she's still thinking about me.
「......Ugh, Search! MODA-117 Alice Mk-17 Maintenance Manual!」
The tablet glowed faintly in response to my voice.
But Shiona covered the screen with her hand. She slowly shook her head.
Without losing her smile.
「It's my body. I know it better than anyone.」
「But... there might be a way! If only you'd told me sooner...」
No, there's a reason I didn't tell you.
Ciona knew that she had a fatal wound that she couldn't fix.
Even if I struggle, that reality won't change.
It's repulsive to even put it into words.
The word 'death' appeared in my head.
No matter how much I don't want to think about it, I can't stop thinking about it.
「I know. I'm going to die soon. It's a Phyllod, so should I say ‘broken’?」
No, Shiona.
You shouldn't be broken.
I'm gonna die.
「Ahaha, I think I let my guard down a bit. I can't put any strength into my body...」
Shiona's shoulders slumped, and she fell face-first onto the floor.
「Shiona!」
I hastily caught it, and picked it up so that it would be as easy as possible.
How long has it been like this?
Why didn't I notice...?
「Breaking...? Does that mean I won't be me anymore...? But can I fix it...?」
「It's all right... Shiona is you...」
「Ahaha... You know, right now... I'm a little scared...」
「Shiona... Shiona...」
「Don't cry, Ray. If you don't, Tippy-chan will laugh at you.」
Shiona reached out to touch my cheek.
She used her fingertips to pay for my second tear.
「I don't want Ray to turn blue... I want him to always be soft and orange...」
Sad.
An unbelievable sadness welled up inside me.
It's multiplying endlessly in my mind, and I don't know how to stay.
As time passed, the sadness grew deeper and deeper.
Why am I so sad?
That's the answer I get right away.
Because it's important.
She was important to me.
Even if the same Phyllod appeared in front of me, that would be meaningless.
It's fine if it looks different.
If only you were the one on the inside.
「Ray... You know, I thought of you as family. Part of it is that you resembled Onii-chan, but that's not all. I thought you were important to me.」
Family.
They're beings who can believe in each other and help each other without compensation, even though there's no profit in it.
It's love.
Before I knew it, the emotion I wanted was there.
Before I knew it, I was aware of that emotion.
I've been given it... for a long time.
It's a natural emotion to have when you're walking with someone else.
「What's wrong, Ray...? Don't look so sad... Oh yeah, let's sing. We'll go to the plaza again... and everyone will be happy.」
「...Shiona...?」
「I made a promise to everyone. Ray smiled at me, and made me happy.」
It's a memory from when we were happy. A memory of the fun days we went to town.
It's probably a mess in the memory area.
But...
「...Yeah, let's sing. Everyone's looking forward to it.」
I turned the handle of the music box on the floor.
The melody began to play quietly.
Shiona's cheeks relaxed, and she closed her eyes and began to sing.
I closed my eyes and listened intently to the investigation.
It's definitely not a long time, but the sight of that town I spent so much time in.
A person walking down the street stops and turns to face me.
One by one, they gather in the plaza.
Children, the elderly, someone's mother, and her husband all smiled at the townspeople.
As if intoxicated by the melody Shiona was singing.
I'm sure that scene was only natural in the distant past.
Humans and Phyllods weren't involved. They just smiled and spent their time together.
We've forgotten......of course we lost it......
「Hey, Ray... You've been smiling this whole time.」
「...Yeah.」
「I don't care if you're sad or angry... But... smile after that.」
「Hey... If love has a shape, it must be round. After all, love will never hurt anyone.」
I held back my tears and laughed.
「Hey... If love has warmth, then it must be warm. After all, love warms you up by enveloping you.」
「Yeah... I'm sure that's it.」
「Because of love, Ray isn't sad. Because love is something to protect, and it won't hurt Ray. I promise. No matter what happens from now on, our love will protect him.」
I cried too much, and I felt pain in my eyes.
My vision distorted.
But I can clearly see Shiona's smile.
「So don't cry. Love will always be by your side. Love is eternal, after all. There's no need to cry. After all, it's eternal.」
I put my hand on top of Shiona's cheek.
It's warm, but I don't have much strength left.
It's like something's spilling out from between my hands.
I knew what was spilling out.
But I didn't want to admit it.
I squeeze her hand tightly, hoping it doesn't spill out.
I can hear the song.
The warm melody that Shiona was always humming.
It entered the gap in my heart that had begun to darken, filling it with warmth.
「Sorry for leaving you all alone again.」
「--! That's not true. That is not true!」
I wanted to scratch my own head.
It was only now that I realized.
Shiona wasn't afraid of breaking. She was afraid of being alone again.
「I... got a lot from you...!」
「Ray?」
I took Shiona's mechanical hand with Human's.
That's right. Until I met Shiona, I was neither a Human nor a Phyllod.
Shiona was always so close to me, and I became a Human.
「I'll always be with you, Shiona. I'm not alone anymore. Joy, sadness, anger... They were all given to me by you. I will never forget them.」
Aaah... I can't. I have to laugh here.
I had to reassure Shiona, but my emotions wouldn't allow that...
No matter how hard I try, the sadness welling up inside me brings tears to my eyes.
「Don't look so sad, Shiona. I'll be fine. I promise.」
「I see... In that case, I guess that's good.」
Shiona nodded in satisfaction.
「Huh...?」
Shiona narrows her eyes in confusion. As if pushed out by her eyelids, transparent drops begin to cover her eyes.
「I'm sure that's not it...」
I smiled to reassure Shiona in a trembling voice.
Now that I've become a Human, I know what those tears mean.
Shiona smiled back at me as soon as she noticed.
「Tears... even flow when you're happy, don't they?」
The strength slowly drained from Shiona's body.
Am I smiling?
I wonder if I'll be able to keep a smile on my face so that Shiona won't get worried.
「...See you later.」
「...Yeah, see you.」
Hmph.
Shiona closed her eyes.
At that moment, Shiona's face was probably the most beautiful one I'd ever seen.
After that, Shiona no longer opened her eyes.
Her calm face looks like she's smiling.
It's as if she's praying for my happiness.
But there's no happiness in a world without Shiona.
My life will be the very life of hell.
Will I be able to hold it in?
...No, I have to endure it.
My chest tightens so much that it hurts.
All emotion creaked as it coursed through my body.
I didn't know my heart was this fragile and weak.
Is losing someone important to me really this painful and painful?
「Uah... aaah...!!」
My vision was dyed white, and I cried out as if to destroy that world.
「Aaaaahhhh...!」
Shiona spoke up.
It's true that Shiona's love may last forever.
But I couldn't take it anymore.
I know, this is my emotion.
Shiona gave it to me.
This pain, this sadness.
But that's not all.
The warmth that lingered in my chest, and the memories of everyone I could proudly say that it was fun.
It was all given to me by Shiona.
Both are mine now.
I'll never let go of either of them.
How much time had passed?
I wonder how long it takes Humans to sort out their feelings.
I've been thinking about the time I met Shiona.
The meal we ate together.
When we woke up in the morning and exchanged greetings.
We went shopping together.
I went to the abandoned factory and made him worry.
She was very happy when the music box was fixed.
Singing in the town square, I was enveloped in a smile.
I made a promise...
I learned the warmth.
I learned joy.
There were times when I felt angry.
I shed tears in sorrow once.
And then... she received love.
No... It was all love.
This tragedy was brought about by the foolishness of us Humans who lost that love.
Humans are hopelessly selfish.
I kept repeating the same thing...
Even so, she would need someone.
This is instinct. I wanted to see Humans when I woke up here.
It's a desire for love, a desire to walk together with someone else.
I didn't even notice something that simple...
I looked at the cold sleep device in front of me.
There were still a few of them that were functioning normally, and each of them had Shiona and Tippy lying down.
It was originally intended for Humans, but now it should be able to reduce aging a little.
I wanted to leave them behind, even if only a little.
I whispered to the two of them, who looked like they were asleep.
「Shiona, Tippy... I'm going.」
There was no response.
There's no way that could be true.
But I continued.
「I'm going on a journey now. It's not a journey without a goal, so don't worry. I'll go find a world where Humans and Phylloids can coexist.」
It was also the wish that the Human youth who had been eliminated spoke of.
If there was a world where Humans and Phylloids could coexist, this kind of sadness wouldn't happen.
If there was a world where Humans and Phylloids could coexist, there would be no greater joy.
That's why I'm going to look for her now.
「And if it weren't for that world...」
I clenched my fists to cover them with my bare hands.
「--No, there's definitely. There's always a world that you tried to save for us Humans.」
It will be difficult to find it.
But I have the knowledge that Tippy gave me.
And there was the emotion Shiona had given me.
There is a partner in this world who will continue to convey love.
That's why the journey ahead isn't a journey of despair.
「I'll borrow this. I'll come back to return it someday.」
I'm holding Shiona's brother's music box.
I turn the wheel in front of the sleeping Shiona, and the melodies of peace fill the air.
I thought I heard her singing along with the melody.
「Well then, I'm off.」
A world where Humans and Phylloids can hold hands...
I took that first step.
「Even so, I stayed hopeful and continued to reach both arms toward the light.」
「Are you awake?」
「...Where am I...?」
「You just woke up from your long slumber. Do you know your name?」
My name is...
「It's an ASOU International-made MODA-117 Alice mk-17. Its individual name is not set.」
「As I thought, the settings have been reset. Alice should be fine for a while.」
The man in front of me held out an old wooden box to me.
「What is this...?」
「It was put inside the device you were sleeping on.」
I took the box. It felt very nostalgic.
I open the lid and see a dull golden disk. I turn the handle from the side of the box, and a clear sound begins to play.
It's a beautiful melody, with a metal comb being gently deflected.
「It's been played for a long time.」
A melody I don't have in my records.
And yet, it's so nostalgic, so warm, and warm that it warms my heart.
And at the same time...
Something hot spilled out of my eyes.
「I've confirmed that your emotional functions have gone out of control. You may need maintenance.」
「No, there's no need for that. You should take good care of those feelings. .. Only the knowledge was passed down, but it took me a long time to recover the technology to make use of it. I'm sorry.」
The man spoke to me gently.
There's a familiar expression on her face as well.
It's not in my records......my memories......
「Anyway, let's go home after the maintenance is complete.」
「Where are you going?」
「It's a town.」
It was bright outside the facility.
Sora's blue and endlessly high. The white clouds drift slowly through the air, drawing various shapes.
A warm air fills my artificial lungs. A gentle breeze gently caresses my hair.
It was a natural scene.
For some reason, I feel nostalgic about this natural world.
And... for some reason, I feel very sad.
We take a car down the paved road.
All the scenery I can see through the window is beautiful.
It was overgrown with greenery.
A small fish jumps on the surface of the beautiful stream.
In the sky, birds are twittering as they fly.
「Okay, we're here.」
We pass through the gate to a town surrounded by white walls.
There were a lot of people there.
Humans and Phyllods are taking each other's hands as they go about their daily lives.
The sight makes my eyes burn again.
「I'm sorry, but there's still the possibility that your emotional functions will go out of control. The rhythm pattern on your chest isn't normal either.」
「It's fine. I'm sure that's the right thing to do.」
「Really? In that case, am I a defective product?」
「No, you're normal. You're closer to Human than any Phyllod.」
Those words made me very happy as a Phylloid.
But I don't understand why she's saying that.
I took a good look at the nostalgic town.
In a corner of the plaza, a Human child and a child-shaped Phyllod were playing happily.
There's a photoshop over there. The Phyllod owner is smiling as he takes photos of Human family members.
In the general store far away, Humans were shopping, and Phyllod's owner was treating them unfriendlyly.
「Sensei, welcome back.」
A very cute little girl, Phyllod, ran up to me.
「Hey, I'm home. Be a good boy, Dorothy.」
「Yeah! I got a lot of food while you were away, Sensei. Here.」
With a big smile on her face, the little girl showed me a picture she must have drawn.
The townspeople are laughing in a circle.
The painting in crayon is so warm, just looking at it warms my heart.
It's a picture that makes everyone happy.
「Huh? You're...」
The girl looks up at me.
「Nice to meet you. I'm Alice. Nice to meetcha.」
「Alice...? Hello, Alice. Dorothy isn't working like this, so she's Dorothee.」
「Yeah, the same goes for me.」
An unregistered Phyllod. What am I supposed to do if I don't have a main partner?
Perhaps sensing my anxiety, the man next to me clapped me on the shoulder.
「What do you want to do?」
「...I wonder what I can do...」
「Alice, how do you feel?」
「Yeah, ota. This is...」
Dorothy closed her eyes and began to sing.
It's a bit clumsy, but I've heard that song before.
「It's a song that's been sung for a long time. There's no one in the world who doesn't know it.」
The man takes out a music box from the car.
I opened the lid and turned the handle that was sticking out from the side of the box.
A clear sound is played, and a gentle melody begins to play.
As if drawn in by that melody, the townspeople gathered.
Everyone listened to the sound, and their expressions became calm.
I know this scene.
It should have been pure white, but the memories that were breathing softly in that much deeper part of it gently tapped against my chest.
My mouth moved naturally.
That song, which was supposed to be her first time singing, was familiar to her throat, to her lips... to her heart.
The melody of the music box filling the plaza is very nostalgic.
「Wow, it's so pretty. Jozu.」
「Yeah, this song... is very important.」
