The air moves.
The bluish-white light that had enveloped me until then fades away.
Eventually, I see a filthy ceiling.
My right arm, which is extending toward that place, is slightly different from my left arm.
My right arm is made of exposed machine parts from the wrist to the tip.
Her fingers moved smoothly,but with each movement,the sound of scraping metal rang out a little.
Following that, I slowly raise my upper body.
That tells me that the blue-and-white light in my field of vision is an oval lid with a gentle curve.
It seems I fell asleep inside this capsule-like thing.
Where am I?
Who am I?
Why am I here?
Even if I asked myself, I couldn't find the answer.
Even if I try to recall my memories, all I have are blue and white memories of light.
In order to search for clues about my memories, I got out of the capsule and walked around the room.
I know I’m walking, but it must have been a while since I’ve done that, as my feet are unsteady.
I walk forward slowly, careful not to fall over.
The air is lukewarm, and dust clings to my throat every time I breathe it in.
There was light pouring in through the hole in the ceiling, and the dust in the air was exposed along the line.
It's probably been a while since anyone entered this building.
A thin layer of dust spread out at my feet.
I wonder what this place is for.
Countless ellipse capsules were scattered about the large room.
Most of them are open.
It was empty inside.
Sometimes it's closed, but there's nothing inside.
It seems I'm the only one in this room.
No, to be exact, that wasn't the case.
Some people are leaning on oval objects and others are lying on the floor.
But that's not it.
That is, to be exact, not a person.
It’s more accurate to say it’s a human-shaped object.
The humanoid object was peeking at the machine part beneath her skin.
The top of the neck is for mechanical parts.
A machine's arm is exposed.
The lower half of my body is torn off, and I can see the machine part.
And then I remembered what that human-shaped object was.
Human partners, made for Humans.
She's a being that's close to a Human, equipped with not only her five senses, but also her emotions.
I reached out my hand to the Phyloys, who had stopped moving.
The bare hands that weren't covered in skin were very similar to my right hand.
This is a factory.
i was built here.
...But the facility must have been destroyed just before it was completed.
Staring at the machine's right hand before it was covered in artificial skin, I conclude that it's the most likely possibility.
Having understood my existence, I started walking towards the wall.
there was an old automatic door, and right next to it was an LCD panel labeled CLOSE covered in dust."
I touched it with my mechanical hand.
moment she felt something cold like electricity on her fingers,the door opened with the word 《Open.》"
Will I be able to get out of here?
I wonder if anyone's still in this facility.
I wanted to see you.
I wanted to see Humans.
Let's go look for my partner.
I pushed open the door leading outside.
To prove my own existence.
When I get home, I head straight for the living room.
There is a broken music box.
I untie the books I borrowed from the library and study their structure.
Just as I thought, the gears inside were locked.
That's why no matter how many times I turn the wheel, the disc won't turn and the sound won't play.
...But, what should we do about these gears?
Is it possible to make it according to the size of the book? No, it's impossible.
Unable to find an answer, I proceed to the page of the book.
At the end of the book was a list of each manufacturer's products, as well as a list of the parts used.
As I skimmed through it, a certain spot caught my eye.
What we found out was that the manufacturer of this music box made watches.
If that's the case, the precise parts might be made from the same material as the clock.
Suddenly, I remembered something I broke in Mad's shop.
If that clock......is to be thrown away without being useful......
We might be able to repair the music box if we use cogs and other parts inside the clock.
ray, what are you doing?
As soon as I see the possibility of repairs, Shiona enters the living room.
「Shiona, listen to this. The music box might be fixed with the parts of Mad's watch.」
Really? Really?
Shiona's smiling more happily than usual.
Judging by her expression, I can tell she's happy.
But don't overdo it. Even if you don't have a music box, you can sing"
Shiona picks up a music box and starts singing.
That song that was singing in the chapel.
Somehow, that song was nostalgic.
That song that warmed my heart.
My determination gets stronger as she stares at the music box lovingly.
I want to fix this music box.
And I want Shiona to be happy.
Those feelings swell inside me.
「I'll go to Mad-san's shop again tomorrow.」
I'll see if I can get her to give me the watch.
But there was one thing that bothered me.
That means I broke the clock.
I apologized, but it was still hard to go somewhere.
The thought of mud yelling at me again frightens me.
You know, I want to make a lot of people smile with this song of yours"
I hesitate, but Shion's words reach me.
This song is orange... I'm sure it can make a lot of people's hearts orange. It's a song that was made to be wished for. That's your wish, Onii-chan. That's why I want people to listen to this song. And I want to make lots of people smile. That's my wish"
Shiona speaks to herself.
Those words are my encouragement.
Let's go to Mad's shop again tomorrow.
And then, I'll apologize again for breaking the clock.
With Shiona's singing voice and the music box, I made up my mind.
The next day, I went to Mad's shop by myself.
I can't count how many times I thought about turning back on the way.
Every time I think that, I see Shion's smile.
I want to see that smile forever.
That's why I want to repair the music box.
I think back on yesterday's decision over and over again.
What I can do for Shiona.
I made up my mind and stepped into mud's store.
What kind of face did you come up with"
The next moment, Mad's voice, as low as a distant thunderbolt, filled the room.
I wanted to run away right away, but I didn't.
”I wanted to apologize to you for yesterday.”
You mean the clock? I already apologized for that"
You were there at the time... so I thought I'd apologize to you on my own.
I don't need that. Hurry up and go home"
I can't do that. I'm really sorry for breaking my watch yesterday.
No matter how much you apologize, your watch is still broken. Go home"
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry"
I continued apologizing, still bowing my head.
How much time had passed?
Eventually, Mad's soft voice reaches me.
”Raise your head...”
When I did as I was told, Mad's face looked somewhat exasperated.
Damn it... You're so persistent"
「I'm sorry...」
Don't apologize anymore, I'll kick your ass"
She says that with her mouth, but it doesn't seem like she's as angry as yesterday.
I thought I heard a small sigh.
You're done here, right? Hurry up and go home.
”Um... I have a favor to ask.”
Please? You've got some nerve asking me a favor.
Her intimidation makes me cower, but Shiona's words give me a push.
Could you... give me that watch?
... Say it again"
Umm... Give me the watch from yesterday――
「Don't screw with meeeeeeeeeeeeee!!」
I stiffened from the shock, which felt like a direct hit from a lightning bolt.
「You broke it yourself and now you want me to give it to you? Don't get carried away!」
I can't take this anymore...
I can't take any more...
As I was about to run away, a voice came from behind me.
Please wait, Mad-san. Ray just wants to fix my brother's music box.
Shiona, who should be waiting at home, is there.
Shiona comes in between me and Mad without hesitation.
My brother's music box is broken, and Ray said he'd fix it for me. That's why I just want the parts. I'm really sorry for breaking the watch yesterday. So will you forgive me?
Shiona continues to smile as she tells Mad.
Nn... nnn...
Mud-san's face was bright red, but her expression gradually softened.
But I don't have that watch anymore. I threw it away. But"
Mud turned his back on us, but kept moving his mouth.
There's an abandoned factory on the outskirts of town. I don't know what happened after that"
After saying that, he sat down facing the wall.
「Mad-san, thank you very much」
Shiona left the store with a smile on her face.
Th-Thank you very much...
I bow to her and leave as well.
「The abandoned factory is right next to where Ray collapsed.」
As soon as I left the store, Shiona told me.
「Umm, you mean the one where Shion went to throw the trash away?」
That's right. There's trash from all sorts of places over there"
Are you fixing what you found and selling it here?
「That's true. Mad-san often goes to that place.」
I see, so that's why there were so many old things in the store.
She must have brought something that could be used from that place and used it to reuse it.
Anyway, I've decided to head to the abandoned factory.
「Shiona, if you don't mind, could you show me the way there?」
「I'm sorry, but the red children are coming to my house today.」
I'm sure it's about those girls who were talking to her yesterday.
Come to think of it, I promised to treat her to some soup.
「But Ray, you can't do this alone, right? You're going to turn down the promise you made to the children.」
「No, it's fine, Shiona. Keep your promise.」
But how do you get there"
I'll go to the library. I want to see the map"
「Library...」
Shiona's expression seems a little gloomy.
「Huh? ...No, it's nothing. ...Hey, Ray. Do you like Ray?」
“I don’t know. I don’t think she hates me, so why?”
No, it's nothing. If you're looking for the library, I'm sure you'll find a map. Take care"
Yeah, I'll do that. See you later, then.
I turned around and headed for the library.
The smile I saw at that time seemed to be filled with sadness.
But I don't know why.
Ray, you came.
Tippy was shedding tears at the same place as yesterday.
「Yeah, I'm here. Hey, Tippy, can I ask you something?」
Is there a map of the town in this library"
Yeah, there is. There's a lot"
That's good to hear. Can you show me where the map is"
Sure, but...
There's something about Tippy that doesn't make sense.
No, that's not it... That's not it, but...
Would you hold me"
Tippy's face turned a little red.
Her sad expression didn't change, but her expression seemed to soften a little.
「...Carry? You mean the one from yesterday?」
Yeah... Can't I"
It's not that. Come on, come here.
「Yeah... Yeah...」
When I open my hand, tippy stands up and jumps into my chest as if he hesitates.
Unlike yesterday, I'm carrying her.
But my thoughts are the same.
I hold her in my arms. She's so small, so soft, it feels like she might break.
”Tippy, is this okay?”
「Yeah, it's good. Ray... It's warm.」
Tippy rubs her cheek against my chest.
That gesture warmed the depths of my chest.
Could this be the feeling of loving someone?
I want to protect this girl.
I want to stop these tears.
I hold her in my arms for a while.
Hey, stay like this over there"
She points her finger at the passage in my chest.
Holding me in her arms, I head in the direction she indicated with her fingertips.
「Why are you here, Chizu?」
There's an abandoned factory near town. I wanted to go there"
Why do you say yes"
There might be the parts we're looking for"
Were you watching the game yesterday"
「Yeah, that's right. I want to fix your music box no matter what.」
「Shionano's... Right. I hope you find her.」
With me in her arms, she takes me to the bookshelf on the map without hesitation.
Could it be that you remember which book is which"
Yeah, pretty much"
”Wow... Did someone teach you?”
No, I'll be alone while I'm waiting for Mom and Dad"
word mom and dad made the tippy weep a little."
「Uh... Is this it?」
In order to change the subject, I took out a book.
I sit down and open the book.
Like the music box, the map was also hand-written.
Could all the books in this library have been written by hand?
If that's the case, it must be quite a lot.
Who wrote all these books by hand?
I feel like I'm going to pass out from this endless work.
It's pretty beat up... How old is this book?
Umm... I don't know. It's a long, long time ago book.
It looked like a map from decades ago.
The buildings themselves look the same as they are now, but...
The pages were terribly faded, as if tea had been spilled.
Some of them were stuck to me, and I felt like they'd tear if I turned them over.
I carefully proceed to the page.
“Ah, could this be it?”
I found a map symbol on the north side of town.
Judging from the direction of Shiona's house, it's very likely that this is the place.
Ray... are you going to cum? Don't go...
Tippy clings to my neck.
I petted her small back with my hand over and over.
Don't worry, I'll come again"
“Really? Will you really come again?”
Yeah, of course. I promise"
”You better come back, okay?”
Yeah. Absolutely certain"
Over and over again, I made a promise to Teehee.
I wonder why.
Even so, I didn't feel like leaving.
My feelings of wanting to be by your side forever are welling up inside me.
I hid my feelings and left the library.
Upon entering the abandoned factory, where we`d reached based on the map, the smell of oxidized oil stung my nose.
This factory probably used to make firoid arms and legs.
The parts of the half-finished phylloyd's arms and legs are scattered all over the place.
All of them were made before the artificial skin was put over them, and the machine's parts were exposed.
If you look closely, you can tell it's the same design as my right hand.
Even though I knew it was fake, this scene was bizarre.
I use my right hand to move my arm away from it.
The sad sound of metal colliding resounds throughout the factory.
If something were to happen to my body, I would come here.
There's a mountain of replacement parts here.
A number of oil drums filled with oxidizing oil lay in the back.
It's mostly oxidized, but there's still unopened oil inside.
Even if we run out of oil, we should be able to perform maintenance here without being seen.
The more I move through the factory, the more my worries in the corner of my mind disappear.
This abandoned factory will be an important place for me.
But I can't find anything important.
Of course, that's the clock that Mud-san threw here.
But there's nothing in this factory that looks like garbage, let alone clocks.
Could it be that the trash has been thrown away outside instead of inside the factory?
I decided to leave the factory for now and go around the perimeter.
When they did, they found the mechanical parts piled up high in the back of the factory.
It's not just the machine parts, but also a lot of trash.
This must be the junkyard in this town.
Other than Mud-san, I'm sure some of them have brought something that looks usable from here.
That's what I thought as I looked up at the mountain many times taller.
... Now then, where could it be"
There's quite a bit of trash.
It's going to take a lot of effort to find it.
But there was no other way.
I immediately begin the search at my feet.
I don't know how long it took.
My sense of time had long since disappeared.
My hands got dirty from moving mud-covered metal plates and oil-covered containers.
There's oil all over my clothes, and there's a huge amount of stains.
After that, I crossed the garbage carpet, swam across the river of filth, and was hit by a waterfall of scrap.
And then, I finally found it.
It was in Mad's shop.
I broke it yesterday.
That watch.
I pick it up and stare at the needle on the board.
Of course, it didn't move.
I put my ear to it, but it didn't make a sound.
It's only natural, since I broke it.
This clock will never tick time again.
That fact pierced the depths of my heart.
I gently hold the clock and head home.
Shiona greets me gently.
「I'm home. There it is.」
I offer her the spoils of war stained with oil, and she smiles gently.
You're right. Thanks. Here, get changed and get dressed.
Shiona prepared a towel and a change of clothes.
I wipe the dirt off, finish changing, and head to the living room.
Shiona greets me there as well.
ray, you must be tired. eat your food and get some rest.
No, I'm fine. I want to get to work right away.
Are you okay? I'm worried about Ray's health.
I'm fine. Strangely enough, I don't feel tired at all.
But if I don't eat...
「Yeah, I know. I'll eat it later, so eat it first.」
... Okay, got it. Good luck"
Shiona leaves the living room.
After seeing her off, I begin my work.
I open the book I borrowed from the library.
In this music box, various gears of various sizes are intricately intertwined with each other by turning the handle, and the disks rotate at a constant speed.
It seems that the faster you spin it, the faster the song will become.
I thought it was a very amazing technique.
I disassemble the music box in reverse order, as described in the book.
Then, when I cross-referenced the existence of the parts in order, I realized that the gears in the part that conveyed the power were broken.
I wonder if it's because of the precision of its movements that it stops moving after a single small part is destroyed.
I instinctively look at my right hand.
For now, let's search the clock for something the size of a broken gear.
I started dismantling the clock.
I removed the lid and removed the screwdriver.
When I remove the cover, the structure of the inside becomes exposed.
The gears, which were far more precise than the music box, matched over and over again.
One of them is a slightly larger gear-shaft part. Because of that, the parts are out of commission.
This must be where I broke it yesterday.
The fact that Mud-san threw away this watch means there wasn't anything the same size as this gear.
Fortunately, the broken gear wasn't big enough for a music box.
Disassembly of objects is somewhat awkward.
After all, I broke this clock to fix the music box.
Is it because I understand what kind of existence I am?
Despite my hesitation, I disassembled the clock as carefully as I could.
I set the gears on the table one by one, comparing them to the music box.
”...There it is.”
I found a gear of roughly the same size.
All that's left is to follow the book and transplant it into the music box.
”I think this should be fine...”
With this, the disk should work without any problems.
When I put the lid back on and turned the handlebars, I felt something.
But I couldn't turn the wheel any further.
I wonder why.
I reread the book.
I don't need to worry about the parts or the positions.
I tilt my head and take the lid off again.
And then, I try turning the wheel.
It's true that the gears match perfectly.
However, since it hasn't been used in a while, the oil seems to be completely dry.
That was probably the reason why the steering wheel didn't turn.
What should I do?
Should I go to Shiona and borrow some cooking oil?
...No, that’s a problem.
The oil used in cooking and the lubrication of gears are probably different.
It might work at first, but it might cause trouble.
Then, what should I do...?
I suddenly looked at my right hand.
It's covered in gloves, but underneath is a machine part that's exposed.
How about using the oil in my hand?
I take off my gloves and take a good look at my right hand.
The machine part is exposed.
Oil is incorporated into the body to move the parts smoothly.
I put the screwdriver in the palm near the base of my thumb.
When I removed the exterior, it was packed full of wires, cylinders, shafts, and other mechanical devices.
Oil is included in one of the cylinders.
It's been changed so that it's easier to change the oil.
I removed the cylinder with my left hand, and the oil that filled it dribbled onto the music box's gear.
I try to get used to all the gears with my fingertips.
Will it work?
I return the cylinder to its right hand and stop the exterior.
I hid the machine's arm with my glove and timidly turned the handle.
At first it was awkward, but as I turned the wheel, the gears ran as lubrication.
The oil must have flowed through the cracks in all the gears, as the steering wheel kept turning without getting caught.
And then, that melody began to play.
“Ray, that song...!”
Shiona suddenly enters the room.
「Yeah. It's fixed, Shiona.」
Thank you... Thank you, Ray. Thank you... I'm very, very happy.
Shiona shows me a smile I've never seen before.
Just looking at her smile warms the depths of my heart.
And then, I realized.
Ah, this.
Is this the feeling of happiness?
I’m happy now.
She's happy to see Shiona's smile.
And for the first time, I was able to feel that I was useful.
Thank you, Ray. Thank you.
Shiona took my hand and thanked me over and over again.
I can feel my face getting hotter as I look at her face.
Thanks to Ray's hard work, the music box has been fixed. I can listen to that song I gave up on. This orange song that Onii-chan wrote. This song that I love so much"
「Hey, Shiona, sing. Let's hear your brother's song.」
”Yes... Of course!”
I turn the music box handle.
Shiona clasps her hands together in front of her chest and begins to sing along with the melody.
The song she was singing when we first met.
It's a song Shiona's brother composed.
An orange song.
I feel like I know what that means now.
The emotion that dwells in my heart is joy.
Shiona's song.
And then Shiona sings happily.
Just seeing her like that fills me with joy.
Shiona was singing the song more happily than usual.
Shiona was singing the whole day until she fell asleep.
I was also captivated by her singing voice and tone.
Over and over again, Shiona asked me to play a song.
She's been singing for so long that her arms won't move anymore.
That expression made me think.
I want to be with you like this forever.
If you wish for that, I'll be able to be with you forever.
But in order to do that, I absolutely mustn't reveal my true identity.
Never, never......
That day, I made up my mind to be with Shiona forever.
The room had become dark at night.
On top of the two beds, Shiona talks to me.
”Will you listen to my request?”
You know, I want people to listen to this song. And I want to make them smile. I want to make people happy with this song you composed"
I know what she's saying.
But I didn't know what it was.
Is that a state of affairs?
Or maybe it's an emotion.
I ruminate on the word “happiness” in my head.
”So, I need your help.”
Help? What should I do?
I want you to go to the plaza with me tomorrow. And I want you to turn on the music box.
「So that's why you're singing, Shiona.」
Yes, that's right. And I want as many people as possible to hear that orange song you wrote...
Yeah, I want to do that too. Of course I'll help.
I heard the sound of the sheets rubbing.
「What's wrong, Shiona?」
Hey, Ray... Can we hold hands?
I can't see Shiona's expression in the dark.
But I get the feeling that Shiona's face is red.
Your hand? With me?
Yeah, I want to connect with Ray... Is that okay...?
I search through my knowledge.
I know the act of holding hands.
But if it's a boy and a girl of her age, then what does that mean...?
No, it's okay"
If Humans... If Shiona wants me, then I want to do it.
Fortunately, she's on my left.
I don't think it'll be a problem if it's the hand covered with artificial skin.
I reach out to the bed next to me.
In the cold room, my hand was a little chilly.
I search for Shiona's hand in midair.
The warmth of my touch.
Shiona's hand overlaps with mine.
You're so warm, Ray.
「Yeah... It's warm, Shiona.」
We held hands.
We intertwined our fingers from either direction.
Not just the warmth from her hand, but also the warmth that spread out.
Is this the warmth of a Human, different from my artificial warmth...?
「Ray... Harder.」
...Like this..."
Sorry, did that hurt"
”No... I was just stronger than I thought.”
「Are you okay with this strength?」
Okay... Thank you, Ray.
We held hands all night.
We were still holding hands until morning came and woke us up.
The next day, the plaza was filled with sound.
The melody that Shiona and I started playing.
Shiona sings.
I play the music box for Shiona's brother.
At first, there was no one around.
However, as if drawn to Shion's singing voice, the number increases.
One or two people stop walking, and a small circle forms.
The circle quickly grew larger, and in the quiet plaza, a large crowd began to appear.
Everyone there is listening to Shiona's singing.
The young couple leaned closer and held each other's hands.
The old man closes his eyes with deep emotion.
The young man stares at the woman a little distance away.
The young mother and daughter laughed happily together.
The children were moving their bodies in time with the song.
Everyone's listening to Shiona's song with their own feelings.
But there was one thing they had in common.
means that everyone is smiling"
Everyone smiles as they listen to Shiona sing.
When I felt that I was cooperating with the people here smiling, I felt a warmth in the depths of my heart.
This is the feeling of happiness.
Feelings I felt after seeing Shiona's smile yesterday.
That's exactly what happened.
I'm happy.
I felt my cheeks rise a little.
I'm sure I'm smiling, too.
It might look a little clumsy.
But I didn't care.
If I get even a little closer to Shiona, I'll be satisfied with just that.
The music box, which had just been repaired, continued to play the melody without any problems.
The steering wheel is in good condition.
The sound flowing from the disk echoes in the wooden box and becomes a clear tone as it exits.
According to Shiona, it's an orange melody.
Shiona sings in time with the melody.
I wished this time would last forever.
This time when I can make people smile.
And I always wanted to see the side of her singing happily.
Suddenly, my eyes turned to the library on the outskirts of town.
It felt like the closed curtains shook a little.
For a moment, I see a small figure.
I know who it is.
That blue girl who's always crying.
it's tippy.
I'm sure she's still crying.
In that lonely library...
Just thinking about it made my heart ache a little.
It was as if a thorn had pierced through it.
I wonder how Tappy felt as she gazed at this circle.
The circle of smiles continues to spread.
Everyone there was smiling and sharing the same feelings.
I noticed that there was one of them with a frown on his face.
The man with his arms folded in anger is Mad-san.
's the only one who has angry written all over his face."
Suddenly, my eyes meet with mud-san's, who still holds emotions I don't know about.
It took less than a second of time.
Mud-san snorted and turned around, then disappeared into the crowd.
Seeing her like that, I thought...
I want to make everyone smile.
The two of them represent sadness and anger.
I want to make Tappy and Mad smile.
But what should I do?
While turning the music box handle, I kept thinking about that.
After I finished singing, I went to Mad's shop by myself.
I couldn't stop thinking about that frown on her face.
I timidly step into the dimly lit and creepy store.
There's no one here.
mud's just sitting in the cashier's seat.
But something's wrong.
Unlike before, she didn't return to her chair.
She's just staring at what looks like a small square chip in her hand.
Her expression was as stern as ever, but there was a hint of loneliness floating in the air.
「Um...Mad-san?」
Mud hurriedly hid the chip in the palm of his hand.
“O-Ohhh, what do you want? Why did you come in?”
You're free to enter because it's a store, aren't you?
Don't screw with me! Entering the store without my permission, you insolent bastard!!
She said something very unreasonable.
But if Mad-san didn't notice me coming in, then she must have been really focused on that chip.
It's the chip you're hiding in your palm.
I'm not hiding anything like that!!
But I saw. If you're not hiding anything, then open your palms and look inside――
「Shut up, get out! And don't ever come back here again!!」
As if being pushed out by words, I was kicked out of Mad's shop.
I came here to make mud smile, but now I'm doing the exact opposite.
Shiona's waiting for me in front of the store.
Her smile warms my heart a little.
「Huh? Why are you here, Shiona?」
「I was worried about where you were going, so I came after you.」
I came here to make Mad-san smile. But I made her angry again...
Making Mad-san smile, huh...? That's a very difficult thing to do. So don't worry about it. It's normal for Mad-san to get angry.
But, it felt like you were more angry than usual today"
More than usual? Did something happen?
「I don't really understand, but I heard about the chips.」
... Chip?
Yeah, it's a square-shaped chip that can fit in the palm of your hand. Mad-san was staring at it...
I shape the size of the chip in Mad's hand with my fingers.
Shion's eyes widen a little, as if she knows something about that chip.
Did you hear about that chip?
“Yeah. Then he suddenly got angry and―”
Yeah, yeah, I see. Oh well, Ray.
Oh well? What do you mean?
That chip is Mad-san's treasure.
「Mad-san's treasure? What's inside?」
「There should be a movie that Mad-san's son shot.」
Your son's movie? Is mud-san's son a movie director?
“Yes, that’s right. But she hasn’t come back from this town since she left a long time ago.”
Shiona looks at the store as she says that.
She looks troubled, but her smile doesn't waver... With a strange expression mixed with those two emotions.
「But why are you just staring at the chips? You should watch the movie.」
That's impossible. We don't have any equipment in town that can play back that chip"
So you're staring at me because you can't see me even if you want to?
I'm sure you're right. You're shy, so I won't say it out loud.
At that moment, I thought of something.
The way to make Mad-san smile when she's always frowning and angry.
「No, it's nothing. Shiona, there's somewhere I want to go, so you can go on ahead.」
”Somewhere you want to go...?”
Yeah, there's something I want to check out.
”...Library?”
I get the feeling that Shiona looks surprised.
I wonder if she's worried about me, since I haven't gotten used to the town yet.
I'll make sure it's not too late"
I speak clearly, trying to ease the burden on her heart.
Shiona opens her mouth as if she wants to say something, but closes it immediately.
She bites her lip for a moment, then smiles.
“...All right. Be careful, Ray.”
I part ways with Shiona in front of Mad's store and start walking around town by myself.
The library was as dark and stagnant as ever.
I head straight for the maze-like building without hesitation.
Towards the blue girl, who was always crying――
Ray, you came.
When Tippy saw me, she stood up and ran up to me.
I gently embrace her small body.
Yeah, I promised"
「Thank you, Ray. I'm happy.」
Tippy buried her face in my stomach.
I could tell that she was crying through her clothes.
”Tippy, what have you been doing?”
「It's fake. Come here, Ray.」
With my hand held, I walk as Tippy guides me.
There's a drawing paper and a crayon lying on the floor where Tippy used to sit.
There is a half-finished picture on the picture paper.
”Did you draw this?”
Yup. I'm drawing little by little every day"
With that, she resumed painting.
I peered into the painting.
There was a picture of a girl singing and a boy spinning a music box.
”Tippy, could this be...?”
「It's Ray and Shiona. They're singing in the plaza.」
I knew it. You were looking at us through the curtains.
For some reason, my heart aches when I think of the sight of Teddy staring at us alone.
Ray, what's wrong? Is something wrong?
The girl looks up at me with sorrow in her eyes.
As if to console those feelings, I put my hand on Tippy's head.
Don't worry, it's nothing. It's a very good picture"
Yeah... Thank you. I'm happy"
When I pet her head, she comes up to me and pokes at me.
But her expression is fleeting, and sad.
I really wanted to see her smile.
You said you paint one picture every day, but do you have any other pictures"
「Yeah, I do. Ray, come here.」
Tippy stands up, takes my hand, and invites me to the back of the library.
The painting was there.
There are a number of pictures pasted on the lower part of the wall.
「This is what happened yesterday, this is what happened before, this is what happened before......」
Tippy explains things to me one by one.
A picture of a girl holding hands with a young man.
A young man and another girl visit the girl.
And a picture of a girl crying alone.
Oh, I see.
This is Teddy's picture diary.
After that, there were pictures of a girl crying all by herself.
You haven't been alone since I came here.
The expression on the girl's face seemed to soften a little.
I'm sure that's Tippy's feelings themselves.
But that's nothing more than sadness.
I wanted to make this girl smile too.
What can I do for that?
I couldn't think of an answer.
The only thing I can say is that I want to be by your side like this.
「Hey, Ray. What book did you come here for today?」
With a sad expression on her face, she tugs on my sleeve and looks up at me.
“I'm looking for a device that can project images... Do you have a book that can do that?”
Yeah, there is. It'll be a little better from here"
“Will you show me the way?”
Okay, sure. Here you go"
And so, Tippy spreads her arms.
The teddy bear in my right hand is dangling in midair.
「Hug me.」
I pick up Tee hee.
Just like before, she nuzzles her cheek against my chest.
That way, Ray.
I guide her to the book she's looking for.
That book was on the second floor of the library――
It’s a section of the shelf where the projectors and projections of all ages and countries gather.
“This must be the place.”
The books on the shelves were all handwritten, just like the music box's books and maps.
But it seems there are quite a few types of projectors that use film or disks.
”What are you looking for?”
It's a chip of this size that can be displayed. Do you understand?
I showed him the size of the chip Mud was holding with my finger.
”Hmm... Are you sure? Is there nothing I can do for you?”
The horns... seemed to be missing from the diagonal... I think.
I wasn't paying attention, so I couldn't say it with confidence.
But even though it's small, Tippy nods.
「Is that the chip Mud-san has?」
「Yeah, it's a chip from Mad-san's hand.」
I was surprised that Tappy knew about Mad, but since she was the owner of this town's general store, nothing strange happened.
Even Shion knew about Mad's chip, and everyone in town might know about it.
And it's probably well-known that Mad-san is stubborn and doesn't look inside.
「Umm......then......here.」
She stood on her tiptoes and pointed at a book on the shelf she could reach.
”That's amazing, Tee-pee. You really do remember all the books.”
Ehehe. I'm being complimented.
Tippy presses her face against my stomach.
While petting her head, I pick up the book and check its contents.
It looked more like a manual than a book.
'Mume's Projection Machine'- Revivable media and chips are detailed.
The layout of the interior and the wiring were carefully written down.
It's like a projector that can project recorded content onto a portable chip onto a white wall or a screen.
If I can find this device, I'll be able to show Mad the movie on my chip.
”Thank you, Tippy. I found the information I need.”
... Are you going to cum already"
Tippy looks up at me with a sad expression.
”...Yeah, sorry.”
「Nooo. Don't go.」
Is she trying to stop me from leaving?
Tippy hugs me.
That innocent warmth shakes my resolve.
But I have to go.
I want mud to be happy right now.
Because I want to see mud's smile.
”Tippy, I promise I'll come back tomorrow.”
”Tomorrow...? Really...?”
Yeah, it's true. I'll promise"
”...You won't disappear?”
Yeah, I won't disappear. I'll definitely come to see you every day"
... Okay. I'll be waiting"
Reluctantly, I leave the blue girl--Tippy--in the library.
「You came again?! What are you doing here?!!!」
As soon as I arrived at the store, Mad's angry roar greeted me.
I want to run away.
I want to cover my ears.
But I didn't do that.
Because I wanted to grant mud-san's wish.
「Mad-san, I have a favor to ask. Please lend me your son's chip.」
This is the chip from your son's movie.
Why do I have to lend it to you? Don't screw with me!!"
”Please... Please.”
”Enough of your meddling! I'm just bothering you!”
I... I want to be useful to you, mud-san!!
Used"
The sharp glint in Mad's eyes made me feel fear, and my throat withered.
The movable part of my knees lost their strength, and I felt light and fuzzy.
I want to run away right now... But I can't hesitate here.
「Shiona told me about that chip. She said your son left town to become a movie director. He sent it to you, didn't he? But you couldn't watch it without it, right?」
In order to suppress my fear, I speak quickly.
Mud looked at me with a slightly surprised expression, as if he had been pushed by that force.
I just went to the library. I came to see which devices can play it.
You... went to the library..."
Mad looked even more surprised when he heard the word 'library.'
Yes... I'll search for a device that can play back that chip. Even if the regeneration machine is broken, I'll fix it. If I can't find it, I'll make it by connecting various parts.
Why are you going that far? It's got nothing to do with you"
It might not matter. But that's what I want.
I just want to be useful to you... That's all. So, please.
The silence continued.
Is this silence affirmation? Or――
He was the worst kind of idiot"
Mud sat down in his chair and looked up at the ceiling.
And then, with a somewhat sad expression, she started talking to me.
All I did was fight with him.
When we see each other, all we can do is fight.
That's why she's been avoiding me ever since.
No, maybe I'm the one who's avoiding her.
Anyway, we don't see each other much anymore.
That's why I was surprised when he said he wanted to talk to me.
I'm leaving this town"
“Leave town? What are you talking about?”
I'm going to leave this town and become a movie director. I really do like movies"
Don't just talk about dreams. You can't be a director. There's no way you can"
”Don't jump to conclusions! You won't know until you try!”
You'll understand. I'm your father. No one will watch a talentless director's movie"
”There are people who acknowledge me! They've already achieved great things! You just won't admit it!”
I can't dream in this town"
In a town like this? Say it again"
I'll say it as much as you want. I can't stand spending my whole life in a place like this in a town like this"
“Cut it out...”
”I'll tell you as much as you want! You're afraid of changing!”
”Ever since my mother died, I've done the same thing every day--”
I punched her without thinking.
“...You always resort to violence like that. I’m already in pain.”
”...All right, get out.”
“Yeah, I’ll do that. You can stay here forever.”
My son left home.
Ever since then, she hasn't even contacted me.
The only thing I could give you was the movie on this chip.
How am I supposed to look at something that doesn't have a regeneration machine?
I can't forgive her for being so selfish.
I don't want to see this movie.
I don't want to see her face anymore.
I was surprised by the unusually talkative Mud-san.
The more I listen to those feelings, the more my feelings grow.
If mud really hates his son, then there's no need to keep the chip that can't be regenerated forever.
If your son didn't like you, he wouldn't have sent you his own movie.
I'm sure he wants Mad to watch this movie.
I think I sent that chip to Mad-san with some kind of thought in mind.
That's why I want to show this movie to Mad.
I bowed my head again.
Please! Lend me your chips!
Mud-san silently walked over to me.
I was prepared for her to yell at me, but I didn't feel scared anymore.
But more than that, I wanted to do something useful for Mad.
But Mud handed me the chip he was holding.
Do whatever you want"
I take another look at the chip she gave me.
It was a metal core covered with organic glass and a rainbow-colored electronic circuit running through it.
That was in my knowledge as well. A general-purpose chip that was used to back up Phyloyd's memories.
It reached the world standard, and most manufacturers adopted this format.
This might be possible even if it's not a Mummy projector.
I gripped the chip tightly and bowed my head in the direction of Mad.
An abandoned factory on the outskirts of town.
I stepped into the pile of trash behind it.
I thought that if there was a device that could revive mud-san's chip, it would have to be in this abandoned factory.
If it had been inside the town, it would have regenerated a long time ago.
There were a lot of equipment mixed in with the trash.
Something with broken wires, something with rust on it.
As far as I could see, they were all unusable.
It's unlikely that the projector itself is in this place. But I think we can at least find some kind of part of the foundation.
Like I said to Mud-san, I'll make sure to put the parts together so that the chips can play back.
This is the only place I can rely on.
If we don't do something about it now, mud-san will never change her expression.
I won't let that happen.
I don't want to let that happen.
And with that in mind, I cut through the mountain of scrap.
But no matter how much I search, I can't find the device I'm looking for.
I'm sure even mud-san has searched for it.
No......maybe he's still searching for her.
Shiona told me that Mad's fixing what he found in this junkyard and selling it at the general store.
Maybe his real objective was to find a projector to play back your son's chip.
If that's the case, then how does it feel to not be able to find mud-san until now...?
She picked up something else instead of the projector... I wonder what she was thinking when she repaired it...
I broke Mad's watch.
Ah... I see... That's why Mad got mad.
That clock was in the process of trying to take back something precious to Mad-san.
This is just speculation. However, I want that to happen.
If that's the case, I probably won't be able to find what mud-san has been searching for so long.
Even so, I won't give up.
Finding the projector should be my greatest atoning for what I did to Mad-san after breaking the clock...
Just as I was dragging the equipment that was bigger than my body...
Something felt wrong with my right hand.
There's a very small discomfort in the joints of my fingers.
Did the oil run out? Or did something break down?
It might not be a good idea to continue working like this.
I couldn't stop my hands from moving.
I'm sure even mud is looking for anything within sight.
I look up at the pile of scrap metal far higher than my own height.
I'm lighter than mud, so I might be able to climb.
As soon as I thought that, I started climbing the clumsy staircase that wasn't maintained.
I felt water on my back.
Large drops of rain poured down from the sky.
Ray, let's stop.
A voice I heard from below my feet.
I turn around to see Shiona there.
She's looking up at me, drenched in rain.
「It's raining. You'll catch a cold like this.」
”I'm fine. I'll keep looking. Thank you.”
Even if you can't find it, you did your best, so I'm sure mud-san will be happy.
「It's okay, Shiona. Just a little longer.」
I continued my work.
Behind her, Shiona talks to me one-sidedly.
But you're already wet. Let's stop. You're tired, aren't you? No one's going to blame Ray if you give up.
As if to calm me down.
”I'm worried about your health. Let's stop. It'll be sad if you get hurt, Ray... It's important to give up.”
There might be some other way, so let's go home for today. I've prepared some orange powa powa soup.
Let's go home... Ray, let's go home... Hey, Ray... I'm worried, Ray...
Even so, I continued.
Undaunted by the falling rain, I continued my search.
I pulled out the rotting iron plate.
At that moment, an avalanche of small scraps occurred.
I retreat back to avoid the scraps piercing my feet.
Watch out, Ray!
When I turn around at Shiona's voice, I see a mountain of scrap piles falling from behind.
The piled-up mountain behind me also had an avalanche.
As if being swallowed up, I somehow manage to run up the top of the crumbling scrap.
After a while, the avalanche subsided, and only the sound of the rain remained.
Are you okay, Ray? Are you hurt?
Yeah, somehow... That was close.
It's true... I'm glad you're safe...
Shiona lets out a sigh of relief.
I stood up, as if to prove that I was safe.
「Oh... Ray, that's...」
Shiona widens her eyes and points at my feet.
The pile of scraps from before. Among them was a familiar piece of equipment.
It's the same kind of device as the one in the book I read.
dig it up, and when I look at the surface of its body, the words Mume are written on it in hoarse letters."
「There it is......Shiona, this is it! There it is!」
I lift it up and hold it high so that it looks like a shiona.
The water that had built up inside started to flow as it tilted.
「We did it, we did it, Shiona! We finally found it! Now we can have Mad-san watch the movie!」
Yeah, but... I think that machine is broken...
Eh"
At Shiona's request, I bring my hands that were holding the device in front of my eyes.
It's true that the device we found--the 'Mume's Reflector'--was clearly out of order.
There’s no lens needed to project.
There was also a large crack in the upper part, and when I peeked inside, I saw that the foundation was full of rust.
I can't project a movie with this.
That's too bad... Let's go home, Ray.
She holds out her hand.
I put my hand on top of hers.
That warmth warmed my hand, which was cold from the rain.
By the time I got back to town, the rain had stopped.
Even so, my heart wouldn't clear up.
Can I really repair the projector I'm holding with both hands?
I had intended to fix my feelings, but now that I'd seen this worn-out state before my eyes, my resolve wavered.
What's wrong? You're so wet"
I was suddenly stopped on my way back to the church.
When I turn around, I see the owner of the photographer who took my picture.
I was just looking for something"
Looking for something...? I see. So, did you find what you were looking for?
Yes... but...
“What's wrong?”
We found it, but it's broken so it's useless"
Shiona answers in my stead.
I see. That's too bad. By the way, what were you planning to use it for"
To be honest... I wanted to play back the chip that Mad-san is holding.
「Mad-san's? That chip your son sent you?」
...Yes. I wanted to make Mad-san happy, since he's always angry...
”Is that what you really want?”
The director asks me gently, as if testing me.
Yes, of course"
I answered without hesitation.
Mad-san... you always have an angry look on your face, and you look like you're in pain. I'm sure you'll smile if there's an opportunity. I think people can be happy if they smile. And I think other people will be happy if they see it.
Saying that much, I look at Shiona.
「I......I learned that from Shiona.」
Shiona looked surprised at my words, but smiled immediately.
Yeah, that's the look on her face. Her smile makes everyone around her happy.
The moment she smiles at me, my heart feels warm as well.
I see... Could you show me that?
The director pointed at the projector in my hand. I silently held out my broken device.
The owner of the photo studio took a good look around.
“I see, this is inhuman. There are too many things I don’t have enough to fix.”
Hearing that from the director, who usually takes care of my camera, makes my heart ache.
The director smiles wryly and returns the projector to me. He must have noticed my disappointment.
Ray, let's hurry home. You'll catch a cold.
Yeah. It'd be bad for your health if you were soaked in the rain. You should go home and get changed for now.
The director will be troubled if I go any further.
Even if I'm fine, a Human like Shiona will catch a cold.
While holding the projector, we bow to the director and head to the church.
When I return to the church, Shiona wipes my head with a soft towel.
Gently, softly, carefully, so as not to rub it.
Too bad for you, projector"
...Yeah, but it was originally a junkyard, so it's only natural that it'd be broken.
It should be obvious if you think about it. And yet, I wished for a convenient development.
If you wish for it, you can do it. If you work hard, the result will follow.
I realize that reality isn't so sweet.
It can't be helped. Rei did her best, so no one will complain.
But... But I wanted to show you a movie, Mad.
「Yeah... Ray, you're so kind.」
It's not about being kind or anything. I just think that's my role.
「But that's enough to make Mad-san happy.」
I hope so...
For now, let's warm up. I'll go get a drink that'll make your body and mind feel better.
Folding the towel that wiped my head, Shiona smiles and heads to the kitchen.
I sit down on a chair and sigh.
I look at the broken projector on the table.
...No, there’s no point in feeling depressed.
Even though it’s broken, it’s progressing a bit.
If I can fix this projector little by little, I'm sure I'll be able to play back the chip eventually.
In the book I borrowed from Tippy, there was a way to disassemble it for maintenance.
If I untie them one by one, I should be able to fix it.
All we have to do is search that factory for the missing parts one by one.
I want mud to smile for me. I want him to show me a happy expression like Shiona when the music box is fixed.
I steeled my resolve to fix the projector.
Just then, I notice that the main hall of the church is bustling.
“Pardon me.”
I open the door and peek inside. The owner of the photo studio is there.
And on her back, there were even more townspeople.
What's wrong"
When I asked, the people in town smiled and offered me something.
This is a part of my broken watch. Please use it if you like"
「I was just wondering if the wiring might work.」
You can use my flashlight"
”No, use mine.”
We have a lot of tools here, so please use them as much as you like"
Various electrical components, wires, electronics, gears and screws were placed on the table one after another.
Unable to comprehend the scene, the director smiles as I stand there dumbfounded.
... Um, what's this"
You're going to fix that projector, aren't you? When I told everyone about it, they brought me something I might need. I'm sure there are some things you don't need, but I'm sure you've never used any of the materials before, right"
”But why...?”
「Everyone was moved by your music and your songs. They wanted to thank you no matter what......and I'm one of them.」
The director took out a lens and handed it to me.
「This is... a camera lens, do you think it'll fit?」
I felt something warm in the back of my chest.
And then, the warmth gradually rose up to the top.
Eventually, that warmth reaches the depths of my eyes, and gets hotter.
Her words didn't quite fit in her head.She wanted to say something,but her lips trembled.
Shiona, holding a steaming cup, gently watches me as I do so.
「Shiona......my chest feels warm. I wonder why.」
Ray, that's happiness"
Saying that, she walks up to me and hands me a cup with a drink that smells like heartwarming.
「Everyone's responding to Ray's desire to make Mad-san smile. Everyone wants her to be happy, with her at the center.」
「Wouldn't it be a nuisance..., for me to start on my own」
If everyone thinks it's a bother, they won't be able to smile so warmly"
I look at the people in the town who brought the parts.
Holding the parts in each hand, she holds them up so I can see them, and smiles at me.
”Everyone... Thank you so much.”
Using the parts and tools I received, I started repairing on the spot.
There were a lot of things I didn't understand on my own, so I had a lot of help from various people.
She removes moisture, carefully shaves off the rusted parts with a file, and repairs the circuit with copper leaf.
The handkerchief that was about to fall off uses the tip of the heated screwdriver to correct it.
No, no. That's not what I meant. It's like this.
No, no, this is like this"
You two are different! This is definitely like this!
Not like that, not like this.
The repairs were done by everyone noisy, but lively.
And finally――
The repairs finished in a clumsy state, full of stitches.
Thank you very much, everyone"
It's fine. In exchange, let me hear that song again"
「The kids like it. Do it again sometime.」
When I listen to him, I feel like I'm in a good mood"
“Hearing that song... reminds me of the past...”
I love that song"
It's an unsightly device we all made together.
It didn't look like anything I'd seen in a book.
But that's the only projector in the world that everyone made.
I couldn't be happier.
Everyone there was genuinely happy about the completion.
All that's left is to test this.
When she said test run, I looked around the room.
Come to think of it, I've never seen electricity in this town.
The photographer used an analog camera, too.
“...Um, is there no electricity in this town...?”
At my question, the people in the room all look surprised.
It feels like I've touched something I shouldn't have.
Even the director, who suggested the test run, is silent.
The library"
Shiona breaks the awkward silence.
This town doesn't have electricity, but the storage facility is still there"
Is that the library"
Yup, that's right"
It was as if a ray of hope had shone in.
I felt my cheeks soften.
But, Shiona's expression Even though she's smiling, her eyes seem sad somehow.
The next day, I went to the library with Shiona.
With a handmade projector that I made with the people in town yesterday.
I didn't know there was a device like this here.
The counter in the library is equipped with a device that uses sunlight to store electricity on a portable battery.
It seems to be the only device left in this town.
However, with the aging solar panels, it's not possible to generate a large amount of electricity.
Electricity is a valuable source of energy for this town.
Despite my selfishness, the townsfolk gave me permission to use something so precious.
She always said, If only I could play music again.
There's just something that's been bothering me.
I had a feeling that the library meant something to the people of this town.
Everyone's reaction yesterday. Come to think of it, Mad's expression changed when I went to the library.
...No, I shouldn’t make any weird guesses right now.
I look away from the battery that's starting to charge, and look at Shiona as I try to hide the anxiety in my heart.
「We'll have to have Shion sing for us again.」
Yeah, I'll sing with my thanks to everyone"
Shiona gives me her usual smile.
Tippy's standing next to her.
She looks at Shiona with a slightly bewildered expression.
Come to think of it, this is the first time I've seen these two together.
”Tippy, how long will it take to recharge?”
Umm... I think it's about three more.
I see. You're up early, aren't you?
「And you're the only one who can stay with Ray?」
Tippy takes a big detour around Shiona and hugs my leg.
Her sad expression didn't change.
But it feels like her sadness is lessening.
I patted her on the head with my palm.
After stroking my silky hair over and over again, Tippy started rubbing her cheek against my leg.
”Okay, you two. That's enough.”
Shiona butts in between me and Tippy.
Ah... Ray...
Tippy reaches out for me.
But that hand won't reach me.
「Hey, Ray...」
Shiona grabs my arm and takes me to the wall.
――Shiona's sweet smell tickles my nose.
「Rei, you're a girl now. Do you know what that means?」
「I know. It's cute how friendly you are.」
That's not what I'm talking about... I don't think it's a good idea to touch or get too close to her.
”Why not? I think it's fine as long as you're happy.”
That's not what I meant... I don't think it's a good idea to touch girls your age so casually.
”Even though you're at that age, you're still just a kid, you know?”
Girls grow faster on the inside than they look. They've already got a pink heart.
Pink...? What do you mean by that?
「Pink is pink. That's why I don't think it's good.」
Shiona seems unusually upset.
She talked to me with a smile, but she puffed out her cheeks a little.
Come to think of it, whenever I told her I was going to the library, her smile always stiffened.
It seems that Shiona doesn't like the fact that I get along with Tippy very much.
Even now, it looks like they're competing with Tee hee.
「......hey, Shiona. Is that what it means to feel jealous?」
At my words, Shiona's eyes widen and she gasps.
Unable to calm down, she moves her eyes and doesn't look at me.
This is the first time I've seen her smile like this.
I reach for her head.
Huh? Ray...?
And then, I gently stroked her hair like I was playing with a tippy.
「Wah...... Wah, ray, what's this, all of a sudden? What's wrong?」
Unlike Tippy, Shion's hair is silky smooth and comfortable. It smells nice every time I rub it.
That's the kind of hair that makes me want to touch it forever.
R-Ray? It`s kind of embarrassing, you know? Right?
Ah, sorry. I just thought it might be better to do this"
I don't really understand what's going on, but seeing her like this warms my heart.
A feeling close to the joy I'd felt before welled up.
A-Anyway, let's not cling to each other too much. Okay? Promise me?
「Yeah, if you say so, Shiona.」
That's why I had no choice but to say that.
We're going back to being with Tippy.
Tippy looks up at us anxiously.
”What's wrong? Is something wrong with you two? Is that why you're mad?”
Tippy furrows her brows sadly.
「It's fine. It's nothing.」
「Really? You really aren't mad, are you? Shiona's mother...is red, you know?」
「Th, that's not it, is it? I, it's hot and it doesn't sting?」
Hmm... Okay, got it.
Tippy shed tears of relief.
To be honest, I'd like to wipe those tears away with my fingertips, but I'm sure Shiona wouldn't like that.
That's why I decided to hold back my urges.
I turn on the projector after charging.
The low sound of the motor and the fan for the exhaust heat start to turn.
The lights on at the top were blinking to indicate that they were preparing for activation.
It's been a while since I've seen electric lights. Shiona and I gaze at the blinking lights, looking at rare things.
“Umm... Where to put the chips...”
The lid on the side of the projector is broken and exposed as a control panel.
In the middle of it is the spot where the chips are inserted.
I slowly put in the chip Mud had given me.
The projector hurriedly flickers a red light to check the data inside.
We watched her with our breaths taken away.
After about 10 seconds, the blinking interval between the lights changed to green.
This means... everything's going to be all right, right?
Anxiety and arousal mingled together, and her voice was growing louder.
Yeah, the projector's fixed, and the data inside is fine"
Shion's words make my heart skip a beat. I can tell the corner of my mouth is moving on its own.
felt happy from the satisfaction of having accomplished something new."
After we finished charging the projector and confirming its function, we headed for Mad's shop.
tippy's staying in the library, saying she's tired.
I wanted to watch it with her, but Shiona told me not to overdo it.
「I wonder if Mad-san will be happy.」
Y-Yeah... I'm sure she'll be happy.
I hope so. Everyone in town made it, after all. Especially since it's filled with everyone's feelings"
Y-Yeah... You're right.
「What's wrong, Shiona? Did something happen?」
There's something off about Shiona for a while.
”No, it's nothing.”
“Really? I don't think so...”
More importantly, Ray, it's cloudier than usual today. Your heart's going gray.
Shiona mutters while looking up at the sky.
I look up at the sky in the same way, but I don't know what's different.
On the contrary, since it's after the rain, the dust from the atmosphere will fall, making it feel easier to breathe.
Besides, it's damp and my feelings are all bubbling up. That's why, Ray. Why don't we take it easy at home today? Let's have some orange soup.
I wonder if this atmosphere will make her uncomfortable......?
No, I think Shiona's words are probably hiding what she really wants to say.
But I didn't really understand what that meant.
I don't think Shiona's going to be mean.
But we all worked hard to make it. I want to show Mad-san his son's movie as soon as possible.
Yeah... You're right"
After that, Shiona falls silent.
She wasn't angry.
She's following me to the side, matching my stride.
There was a hint of darkness in her expression.
When we arrived at mud's shop, we stepped into the dimly lit store.
”Hey... What are you doing in here?”
I heard the voice of a madman echoing from the back of the store.
She's hunched over in her chair, staring straight at us.
「Hello, Mad-san. Um... Here.」
I took out the claw-covered projector.
Mud glared at it as if to evaluate it.
What's with that? We don't buy garbage"
That's not it. This projector looks bad, but it can play back your son's movie"
My son's movie? I don't remember asking you to make something like that"
It's true that I wasn't asked to. It was something I did on my own. But a lot of people in the town cooperated to make this. I want you to watch the movie, Mad-san.
Like I said, I don't remember asking you to do that"
I know. I did it on my own. That's why I'll do what I want to do from now on. If you're going to stop me, please stop.
I tried to walk away.
But Shiona grabs my sleeve from behind and stops me.
「Rai, Mad-san, Murasaki...... It's better not today. Let's save it for another day, okay?」
「Shiona, we've come this far. Mad-san said she'd like to watch your son's movies, but if we don't watch them here, I'm sure she won't.」
Besides, if I really didn't like it, I would have been thrown out already.
It's just a guess, but I don't think it's wrong.
「It's okay, Shiona. Don't look so worried. It's okay.」
I nod firmly, as if to dispel Shion's anxiety.
“...All right, Ray. If you want to do it, do it however you want.”
Shiona lets go of my sleeve.
I start walking again.
I placed the machine at the counter and closed the store door.
After that, all the curtains on the windows were closed.
The inside of the store, already dark, became even darker.
It's just the darkest place to watch a movie.
When I turned on the projector, which I had just charged, the fan roared and spun around, and after a while, the light that I had installed lit up.
A square light appears on the store's wall.
I adjust the lens I got from the owner of the photo studio and adjust my focus.
Mud-san just stared at it.
Mad-san, I'm going to play the movie now. Got it?
”...Do whatever you want.”
mud didn't deny it.
I'm sure that's the answer that Mad-san wants.
I place my finger on the button on the control panel....
Play it back.
Mud was staring at the square light with a stern expression.
The story begins in the light.
That was the story of a boy.
It was set in a time when the sky was still blue and nature was still there.
Born in a small house in a small town, he didn't know his mother.
Her father, who had lived with her, only cared about the bare minimum of care... It wasn't a relationship that could be called family.
And then, as the boy grew, the gap between the two grew deeper.
We had a fight when we met.
None of our short conversation was anything but a denial.
Before we knew it, our eyes had stopped exchanging glances.
The number of boys returning home decreased, and he eventually set foot on the path of evil.
His father silently punched him.
While making her brow furrow even deeper than usual....
The boy runs out of the house and leaves the town.
But that was the beginning of a harsh day.
People I thought were my friends used me well, betrayed me, and ruined my body and mind.
It was a woman who supported him.
Meeting her was what guided him to the right path.
The boy decided to leave the bad things behind and move to a new town to redo his life.
I've got a family.
I never doubted that my son would be born, and that I would live happily with my beloved wife from now on.
However... the woman dies of an illness.
I didn't have time to despair.
He worked hard to raise the children left behind.
However, she was so desperate to work that she didn't realize that her relationship with the children was being torn apart.
When I opened my mouth, they were always fighting.
We passed each other day after day.
And then, a grown child stepped into the path of evil, as if to take advantage of himself...
I thought it was punishment.
This is exactly what I've done to my father.
I cursed myself for being so immature.
He looked at his hand, thinking of a way to stop his son.
If I open my hands, I might be able to persuade my son by patting his head and hugging him gently.
If I clenched my fist, I might be able to rebuke my son with my fist.
Which one should I choose as my father?
He clenched his fist.
The fist that hit my son was hot, and my chest tightened in pain... deep wrinkles formed between my eyebrows.
However, her son cried as he held his reddened cheeks.
She scolded me, and told me that she loved me.
The words brought tears to his eyes.
Why didn't I realize what my son had realized back then?
The face of her father, who had hit her, wasn't angry, but sad.
He returned to the town where he was born for the first time in 20 years with his son.
The townscape hasn't changed much since we left.
And as expected, it's the same small house where she was born.
However, her father, who lived alone in that house, looked a little smaller than he did in my memories, perhaps because of his old age.
He bit his lip and cried in front of his father.
His father silently tapped him lightly on the shoulder and muttered a few words.
Mad's son's movie was a very old-fashioned human drama.
I don't know if this is interesting or not.
If my emotional functions were normal, I might have been able to tell.
But, mud-san was staring at the screen.
We watched the movie in silence.
The staff roll ends, and the screen goes black.
Looks like it's over.
After looking at me for a moment, she reaches for the stop button.
The moment her slender fingers try to touch Botan's, I grasp her hand.
...? Ray?
Shiona looks at me curiously. But I stare at the screen.
It was a black screen. In the middle of it, letters slowly emerged.
The letters contained a clear 'emotion' that was probably written in her own hand.
I dedicate this film to my father"
Slowly, the letters blended into the dark screen and disappeared.
This time, the movie quietly came to an end.
Silence surrounds us.
Even though I turned it off, Mad is still staring at the screen.
「Mad-san... The movie is already over.」
She sighs at my words.
...What a boring movie"
She murmured in a soft voice that was unimaginable from the previous mud-san.
It's so boring, I'm tired of yawning"
She wiped away the tears that had accumulated from her yawning, then stood up from her chair and took a chip out of the projector.
Then, she gripped the palm of her hand tightly and sat back down in her chair.
「...Hurry up and go home.」
She said that in a monotone voice, then closed her eyes as if pondering something.
Could it be that her son's feelings didn't reach her through this movie?
I wonder if that movie didn't really matter to mud-san...
Then what I did was--
My chest started to hurt, and I hurriedly called out to mud-san, thinking that I had to say something.
But Shiona gently tugs on my clothes to stop me.
ray, it's okay.
Shiona smiles as she lowers her eyebrows.
Mad-san, you're just not being honest. Let's leave you alone for now. Okay"
Can't be honest...?
In other words, everything mud-san said just now had the opposite meaning?
「Mad-san, it's so silky smooth right now. It's filled with a beautiful light blue. It's all thanks to Ray.」
”Really? If that's the case...”
I feel a warmth in my chest.
I know this feeling.
feelings of happiness"
I'm happy that Mad was happy.
I'm extremely happy that I was able to help.
We quietly left the shop so that we wouldn't get in Mad's way.
She left the projector on the ground so that she could watch movies whenever she wanted.
Outside the store, I see a faint orange light beyond the sky.
It was as if it reflected my feelings.
「I'm really glad you liked it, Mad-san.」
Yeah, you're right"
But she had a sad smile on her face.
Eh? About what"
You look kind of sad.
Really? That's not true. Mad-san's happy, and it's all in her heart.
Really? That's good to hear.
「Hey, Ray. How about I treat you today?」
Food? Why"
「It's the anniversary of Ray's happiness.」
「Anniversary... Yeah, it is.」
Let's make orange soup and make it fluffy today.
Yeah, you're right. I'll help with the cooking too.
Thank you. I'm really happy, Ray.
Shiona's hand touches mine.
We're holding hands, no matter what.
The warmth of our connected hands.
The orange sky was eventually swallowed up by the darkness of the night that had snuck up.
The next day, we decided to sing a song in the plaza, as promised, with everyone helping us fix the projector.
Since we're here, I wanted to ask mud-san about it, so I went to his store.
But the door is still closed.
's usually open by now, but there's a sign with CLOSE on it."
The store's door is locked, so I can't get in.
I peeked into the store through the crack of the door.
The projector on the counter is still there.
Nothing has changed since yesterday.
The chair that Mud-san was sitting on overlapped with the shelf, so I couldn't see it.
「I wonder what's wrong, Mad-san. Are you not feeling well?」
... So this is how it's going to be.
What do you mean it ended up like this?
I cock my head to the side at Shiona's words, as if she knew the store would close.
「Mad-san's bright red, bitter personality disappeared in the middle of yesterday's movie.」
”It's bright red...and irritating?”
“Yeah, I don’t think there’s any need to hold back anymore. I’ve never seen such a calm mud-san before.”
Shiona smiles, troubled.
Have you been holding back for a long time, Mad-san?
That's right. The truth is, I've always wanted to make up with your son. I wanted to fly over to your son. But you're always bright red and stingy, aren't you? That's why it didn't bother me"
So, yesterday's movie...?
「That's right. It's because you showed him your son's movies that he became honest with you.」
「......mad-san, did you come to see your son?」
Yeah. I think she left town"
Shiona smiles brightly. Her smile makes me realize that I really was useful to Mad-san.
My chest gets hot all of a sudden, and I say it out loud.
「Amazing! Amazing, Shiona! It's the same as that movie! The one who went to see her wasn't her son, but her father! It's almost the same as the movie!」
Yes, that's right. It's really amazing. But there's one thing that's bothering me.
Something troubling"
Shiona's expression darkens and she lets out a small sigh.
Is there anything troubling about making up with Mud-san and her son?
「I don't think Mad-san's going to be back for a while, so I don't think I'll be able to get the ingredients for the fluffy orange soup anymore.」
Shiona says so with a serious face.
”That's... a problem.”
Yeah, it's a problem, isn't it? But if we save up the ingredients we have, it'll be fine for a while.
The corner of her mouth collapses, and she smiles.
Seeing her like that made my cheeks move on their own.
Something warm wells up in my chest.
I didn't know how to call this feeling, but I felt very satisfied.
I hope Mad-san comes back soon. I'd love to hear what she has to say. Maybe her son will come with us. In that case, it'll be even better.
Yeah, you're right. I hope that's the case"
Little by little, I'm learning how to feel. That's how I feel.
She was able to approach the image of her ideal.
I want to be more useful to people.
I want to learn more and more about emotions.
That feeling was the greatest motivator that drove me.
「Let's get going, Ray. We're gonna be late.」
That's right. Let's hurry. I wonder how many people will smile today"
I'm sure it's a lot more than yesterday"
「Because your singing is beautiful, Shiona.」
No, it's because of Ray's performance.
Although it's a performance, I'm just turning the wheel.
That's what's important. When the spinning person's heart is kind, the music also spreads out like mist"
Shiona smiles as she gently spreads her arms.
I'm sure no one will stop if it's just my singing. My singing is only possible because of Ray's performance. Thank you, Ray.
My face gets hot.
「I wonder why, Shiona. Your face is really hot.」
You're right. Your face is bright red. I'm sure you're embarrassed.
Embarrassed? Is this how you feel when you're embarrassed?
Yeah. You're unexpectedly shy, aren't you? You're cute.
My face gets hotter and hotter as I hear her say that.
We left mud's shop and went to the plaza.
A lot of people had already gathered there before we arrived.
”I've been waiting for you two. I'm looking forward to working with you again!”
A child has been saying Let's go to Otakiki since yesterday. Please do.」"
「Your songs have healed me. Thank you very much.」
Brother, Onee-chan, sing again"
All the people I met were waiting for our melody.
And all of them were smiling.
It was this.
What I wanted.
Do something, be happy, and be thanked.
This is what I've been after.
How good it feels!
How warm my heart is!
I always wanted to taste this sensation.
「Shiona, let's begin. Let's make everyone smile.」
Yeah, of course"
I turned the music box handle, just like yesterday.
The melody overflows.
Shion spins the melody in time with that sound.
And then, that melody spreads out the ring of a big smile.
The smile spread throughout the town.
That made me happy more than anything.
And the side of her face, singing happily, is my happiness.
The townsfolk were listening with smiles on their faces, just like yesterday.
The circle of smiles spreads.
Suddenly... I feel something strange as I turn the music box's handle.
Her right hand was wearing gloves to hide her mechanical hand.
I feel a slight creaking in my hand as I turn the wheel.
Hey, how was that machine the day before yesterday?
While I was cleaning up after the performance, someone spoke to me and I raised my head.
The director and the townsfolk who provided the parts were there.
「I was able to play it back, and Mad-san was happy. It's all thanks to everyone.」
“I see, that’s good. It was worth talking to everyone.”
It's all thanks to everyone. Thank you very much.
No, it's fine... But that's all thanks to you.
“Yeah, that’s right. It’s because of your actions that I found someone to help me.”
But that's because everyone is kind. My actions are just a trigger.
Of course, that's part of it. But you won't know until you act, and it won't change. Who's the most important, and who's the most amazing. The first person to act is worth it"
The director and the others who helped us all have warm smiles on their faces.
If there's anything else I can do to help, just let me know. I'll do whatever I can to help.
With that, the director and the others dispersed and left.
I think as I watch her go.
「Hey, Shiona.」
「What's wrong, Ray?」
As I thought, I want more people to be happy.
”It's really wonderful to have people happy.”
“Yeah, you’re right. But it’s wonderful to think that way, Ray.”
I'm a little happy to be praised by Shion.
I can feel the warmth in my chest.
That's why I want to help a lot of people. I want to meet more and more people to help them solve their problems.
「If that's what you want to do, then I think it's okay.」
「Then let's go look for her, Shiona! Let's go help people in trouble in this town!」
”...Wait.”
you know, ray, i don't think that's quite right.
I was convinced that Shiona would agree.
But she shakes her head with troubled eyes.
Helping people is certainly a wonderful thing. But I don't think it's right to force it on others.
”Push it on me...? I'm not trying to do anything like that.”
“Of course, I understand how you feel. But people have barriers and problems they have to overcome on their own. If you help them all, they won’t grow. Of course, it’s important to help them, but it’s not too late to help them if they can’t handle it. That’s why, Ray. Let’s help them when they’re asked to.”
I understand what Shiona's saying.
I could understand.
But deep in my heart, I can feel something bothering me.
Why do I have to leave my feelings of wanting to help others as they are?
Why can't I help others myself?
Why, why, why...
That's when I stopped thinking.
Shiona's smile seems sad somehow.
A few days later.
Something feels wrong again.
I felt something strange in my right hand when I was turning the music box.
An indescribably small sensation.
But it’s definitely attacking my right hand.
That strange feeling was gradually growing stronger.
After returning to Shiona's house, I try moving my fingers in her room one by one.
When she did, all of her fingers reached a certain depth, and they didn't bend any further than that.
I can't grasp anything with this.
It's a problem that's on the level of hindering our daily lives.
No matter how many times I try, I can't fix that glitch.
It might take some major repairs to disassemble it.
I have an idea what's wrong with her.
When I was looking for that projector.
I've done a lot of reckless things in that junkyard.
I felt something strange as I moved the heavy object.
I'll go to that abandoned factory today.
And then, let's go look for tools for repairs.
Ray, it's time for dinner.
Shiona suddenly enters the room.
I hurriedly put on my gloves and hid my bare right hand.
What's wrong? Why are you in such a hurry"
“It’s nothing. I was just surprised because I was spacing out.”
Did I surprise you? Sorry about that. I'll knock next time"
Yeah, thanks. That'd be great"
“Okay, got it. So, dinner’s ready. Do you want to eat?”
I looked at my watch.
Before I knew it, the hands of the clock were already turning at the top.
So it's already this late...
「It's always cloudy outside. I don't have a sense of time anymore.」
Yeah, I'll be right there. Can you wait for me"
Okay, got it. I'll be waiting in the kitchen, Ray.
Shiona smiles and leaves.
I take off my gloves again and check my right hand.
...I have to do something to make sure Shion doesn't find out.
Even if you go to an abandoned factory, you'll have to eat first.
I make up my mind and head to the kitchen.
Shiona's homemade cooking is lined up in the kitchen.
「Ray, take a seat. Let's eat.」
Shiona clasps her hands together in front of her face.
I join hands with her in the same way.
Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name, thy will come, thy will be done in heaven, and thy will be done in earth. Grant us our daily bread today as well. Forgive us our sins. We forgive men. Save us from evil, and do not tempt us"
The words that Shiona taught me.
Before I knew it, I had come to offer my prayers in the same way.
That's how much time we've spent together.
The thought warms the depths of my heart.
Hm? It's nothing.
You think so? You look happy. It's all orange and fluffy.
A happy face? Me...?
“Yes, very much so. Ray, you’ve been making that expression a lot lately. I’m happy for some reason.”
”Does that mean you're smiling?”
Yeah, that's right. You didn't smile at all at first, but you've been smiling a lot lately. I'm glad"
I'm... smiling...?
I remember the first day I woke up.
The face I saw that day was expressionless.
From that day on, I kept wishing.
I want emotions.
Before I knew it, I'd started to get what I wanted.
I felt a weight lifted from my chest.
Now I can be with Shiona and the others forever.
I looked down at my right hand.
I can't use a spoon properly with my languid hands.
I reluctantly switched to my left hand and scooped up the soup.
Eating with your left hand, which you are not used to, is extremely difficult.
What's wrong, Ray...? Huh? Is Ray left-handed?
“Well... I’m right-handed, but my right hand hurts today.”
Does it hurt? Oh no! I need to call a doctor... Oh, but he's not in this town, so I have to call him from a faraway town...
No, it's fine. It'll heal if you leave it alone"
This is bad... This is bad.
If the doctor sees me, he'll find out who I am.
I have to avoid that.
I want to stay here forever.
I'm sure it's because you did something crazy the other day. You worked so hard in the rain"
... Yeah, I think it's probably because of that.
Look, I won't stop when you say it. I'm worried about Ray's health.
Yeah, thanks. But thanks to your hard work, I'm glad you're happy.
Yeah, you're right. But don't overdo it.
Shiona looks at me worriedly.
I'll stop making her look like this.
Seeing her other than smiling makes my heart turn blue.
Come to think of it, I wonder if Mad-san's back. Haven't heard from her since?
Not yet. Your son lives a little far away. I'm sure he hasn't arrived yet"
「I see. I hope they hear from you soon.」
Yeah, you're right"
After that, Shiona never asked me about my right hand.
I finish my meal quickly with my unfamiliar left hand.
Then I returned to my room and got dressed.
She stuffs the tools into her bag.
I'm probably going to disassemble my own arm.
It is necessary for me to solve this on my own.
I can't rely on anyone.
That's why I prepared carefully.
As I concentrate on my preparations, I hear the sound of someone knocking on the door.
Immediately after, Shiona enters the room.
Ray, if you don't mind... are you going shopping somewhere?
She looks back and forth between my bag and me as she asks.
Yeah. I'm looking for something"
Where are you going? Close? Far away? When are you coming back"
I'm going to the abandoned factory. I'm thinking of going home as soon as possible.
”An abandoned factory? Why are you going there?”
Umm... The owner of the photo studio asked me to look for some parts for it.
It was a lie.
It's a childish lie, but Shiona smiles at me.
I see... Understood. Be really careful, okay? Your right hand is already in bad shape, isn't it?
Yeah, thanks. I'll try to get home as soon as possible.
I leave the church after Shiona sees me off.
Our destination is the abandoned factory――
But before that, there was a place I had to stop by.
I need to match the lie I told on the spur of the moment.
If Shiona sees the director and talks to him about me, he'll find out.
If that happens, I'm sure I'll hurt her.
i don't want to hurt shiona.
That's why I visited the photographer.
”Oh, what an unusual guest.”
When I open the door, the director greets me with a camera.
「I'm sorry for bothering you so suddenly.」
No, it's fine... I was just thinking about going home.
“Home... at the church? Did you need something?”
Yeah, hold on a second"
The director retreats into the back.
While I was waiting, I decided to take a look at the pictures on display.
There are various photos on display, ranging from old ones to recent ones.
The time, place, and person of the camera were different.
But there was one thing they had in common.
That means that everyone has the same smile on their face.
I couldn't help but be envious of the people in that picture with that smile.
Hey, hey, sorry to keep you waiting. Here, take this"
The director handed me a photo.
I can see the smiling Shiona and the expressionless me in the photo.
「It's a photo I took before. It took me a while to develop it. I'm sorry I'm late.」
That's not true. Thank you very much. But I don't have any money...
It's fine. I was late, so I wanted to take a picture. I'll give you a freebie.
「Thank you very much. I'll give it to Shiona.」
「Please do. You two really do look alike.」
「Do you know Shiona's brother?」
「Of course. Have you ever seen a picture of Shiona and her brother together?」
Yes, there is. It's a photo of you holding a music box, right"
Yeah, that's it. The truth is, I took it"
I see... When did you leave"
「I think it was right after we took that picture. She said she'd tell the music world. Shiona was sad about that. She was always smiling like that, but she was crying the whole time.」
「That Shiona? I can't believe it......」
...But lately, she's been smiling a lot more. Just like when you were around... No, maybe even more"
I see. I think she's been smiling for a long time.
”I'm sure it's because you're here.”
I think it's partly because you look like your brother, but I don't think that's all.
「But I haven't done anything for Shiona.」
Doing something for her isn't the only thing you can do to make her smile. You can just smile by being by her side.
「I'll be by your side... In that case, I'm more confident that I'll be by your side than anyone else.」
「I can tell just by looking at it. It feels like Shiona smiles from the bottom of her heart when she's with you.」
Those words warmed my heart.
I'm connected to Shiona's smile.
Because of me, Shiona――
「I know it's weird for me to ask this, but could you stay by Shiona's side forever?」
「Of course. I'll always be by your side and keep smiling. That's my greatest wish.」
「Hahahaha, that sounds like a proposal. It's too bad Shion's not here.」
「Proposed...?」
When I heard those words, my face felt hot.
I know the meaning of her words.
Humans swear to spend their lives together.
Was what I said just now the same as that?
When I think about it, my face gets even hotter.
I turn my back to the director so that he doesn't notice my unrest.
Umm, well then, I have somewhere to go.
I see. Make sure you don't lose that photo"
Yes, thank you very much"
I thank her from behind and leave the photo shop.
The road to an abandoned factory.
I charge through the dark red earth.
The bag filled with tools is a burden.
I hear the sound of tools rubbing against each other in my bag.
The wind is strong, and it looks like it's going to rain at any moment.
If we go to repair it and find more faults, it'll be a waste of time.
I hurried to the abandoned factory so that it wouldn't rain.
On the way there.
In the distance, I see something white and swaying.
But the place was too far away, and there was no way to find out what that object was.
I don’t know how big it is yet, but it looks like it’s slowly coming this way.
I strain my eyes to confirm it.
At that moment, a gust of wind blew.
I instinctively close my eyes.
When I open my eyes again, the white object disappears from my view.
What the hell was that just now...?
I stood stock still for a while.
But I can't stay like this.
The clouds are getting more and more suspicious.
We must go to the abandoned factory at once.
When the dark clouds were about to start raining, I arrived at the abandoned factory.
The inside was as dusty as ever, and filled with the smell of oxidized oil.
I quickly found a nearby workbench and decided to take off my right glove.
I'm already used to exposed parts.
First, I slowly open and close my fingers.
The damage hasn’t been fixed, and it stops moving.
What could be the cause?
I take out a light from my bag and shine it on my arm.
It doesn't look like there's anything inside.
...In that case, it must be a problem with the parts inside.
She took out a tool and began to disassemble her right hand.
The disassembly of my own hands made me feel uneasy.
Right now, I'm breaking myself.
If I were to disassemble all of this, would I break?
that my death ?"
I wonder how it feels.
If I die, where will my consciousness disappear to?
And if it were to be reassembled, would this consciousness return?
Can you really call that living?
Thinking that in a corner of my mind while disassembling, I arrive at the cause of the problem.
The cylinder's piston rod bends, and oil seeps out.
It's one of the parts I removed when I fixed Shiona's music box.
The oil in the cylinder was used to adjust the gears in the music box.
It was just a small amount of oil, but it was probably necessary for the precise operation of her finger.
If the small flaws pile on top of each other, it'll be a big wound.
However, with the rod bent this far, even if it's fixed halfway, the oil leak might come back.
The most reliable thing would be to exchange these parts for a new one.
I get up and start searching the area.
The half-finished firoid parts rolling on the floor.
In this part of the factory, there must be some parts that fit my mold.
I search the factory with my broken right arm.
There were a lot of arms, legs, and torso parts in the factory.
If I’m not careful, the parts on my head are so elaborate that I think they’re the real thing for a moment.
I started searching for something that suited me.
Looking at my bare right arm, I check the number of the parts I need.
It seems to be the model number for the parts needed for that.
I look for the same model number from the parts on my arm.
She must be using something really rare.
When I examined the parts scattered around the factory, nothing with the same model number didn't exist.
The decay of this factory is far more advanced than the places I woke up in.
It was a facility that had been destroyed a long time ago.
If that's the case, it must have been made at a different time, and there were no parts with the same model number.
hurriedly searching for the parts, I found something labeled AR 115"
Its appearance is extremely similar to the parts inserted in my arms.
It's just that the piston rod and shaft are a little long.
With this, I should be able to change it just by processing it a little.
I put the arm attached to the AR 115 onto the workbench and disassemble it.
Now that I've successfully taken the parts out, I compare them to the parts that were originally embedded in me――Homeroom 114.
It seems that an output terminal that didn't exist in homeroom 114 has been added to the AR 115.
Other than that, there were no other changes.
I quickly put the parts on my arms.
Unlike when it was disassembled, the work of attaching it was a little difficult.
I manage to finish installing the screws, despite dropping them over and over again.
When I tried moving my fingers, I was able to open and close them like before.
But every time I do, the discord of the machines rubbing against each other echoes around me.
It seems the lubricating oil has run out.
In search of oil, I head deeper into the factory.
When the smell of oxidized oil became too strong, I arrived at a dark oil drum.
When opened, none of them could be used because they were oxidized.
But I find a relatively new barrel in the back.
When I opened it, there was a small amount of oil with low oxidation.
I scoop up the oil from the oil storage tank in my arms.
And then, I put the tank back where it came from.
After a while, the oil is automatically extracted and the machine parts slide smoothly.
When I tried moving it, I was able to open and close my fingers without a sound of dissonance.
I was able to fix it.
Seeing the smooth movement of her fingers, I can feel the sensation of my chest clearing away.
I put my gloves back on, put the tools back in my bag, and leave the factory.
The wind was getting pretty strong outside.
I hope it doesn't rain...
I hurried back to town.
In the middle of that...
A white object fell to the ground.
It flutters as if being toyed with by the raging wind.
After staring at it for a while, I realized that it was a cloak.
After a few more flaps, I see what’s inside.
It had the shape of a human.
No way, I hurriedly approached it, got down on one knee, and gently flipped my cloak.
There stood the gravely wounded young man.
The blood flowing from her wounded arm She immediately realized she was Human.
”A-Are you okay?!”
「Uu...... uu......」
The young man groaned in response to my voice.
Her body was painfully injured, so it didn't look like she could stand up.
There are marks on the young man's feet as if he had crawled.
There was blood on the scars, indicating how cruel they were.
I have to save her.
Something like a sense of duty oozes out from my chest.
”Hang in there! Are you all right?!”
I throw the bag on my shoulder to the ground and pick him up.
The young man made an anguished expression and groaned even harder, as if pain had run through him from shaking his body.
And then, as if clinging to something, she reached out her hand.
I immediately hold out my open right hand.
She grabs my hand through her gloves.
I gnaw on my belly button in my mind.
But her hand is so weak that I can’t shake it off.
The young man slowly opened his eyes and looked at me.
“Y-Y-You...”
A-Are you all right? There's a town nearby. I'll carry it right away.
「Ma...chi...」
She murmurs with vacant eyes, as if ruminating on my words.
And then, as if to confirm the hand she held, she traced the glove with her weak fingers.
I'm sure she found out.
Through her gloves, she probably noticed a hard sensation different from a Human's.
But it doesn't matter.
This isn't the time to be worrying about that.
“...Y-You... in the town...”
「Ma......chi...... sumu......」
The young man repeats 'Machi' like a spell.
Those words were frail, and felt like they would disappear at any moment.
I decided to take the young man home.
I might be able to help her now.
I put my hands on his shoulders and drag him away.
It’s heavy, and it takes me a long time to walk ten meters.
But I wanted to save her... I wanted to save her all the time.
How long... have you been... waiting..."
The man who looks like he's about to faint asks me a question.
It's only been a week"
「I...... see...... I...... see......」
I can feel the young man weakening over my shoulder.
If I don't stay conscious, I might not be able to come back.
Get a hold of yourself. We'll be arriving in town soon. It's not that big, but everyone in town is warm"
I desperately try to talk to the young man.
If I tell her anything that'll pique her interest, she won't lose consciousness.
There aren't any doctors here, but there are books here, so I'm sure they'll know how to treat injuries"
...Ho...n..."
Yes! I can do anything. I'm sure I can find out anything. So please get a hold of yourself.
...Wha... nn... but... huh"
Yes! Definitely!
The young man inhaled deeply and muttered softly.
...Throw it away"
I didn't know what she had said.
I stop in my tracks.
”Just... throw me away...”
”I-I can't do that!”
I was... attacked by Humans"
Humans..."
It was just... a journey in search of ideals... but ideals are... values"
The young man takes another long breath.
Because of differences in values... Humans... conflict, conflict, conflict... they become inhumanly... violent"
Th-That's not true. Humans are warm, share things, support each other"
「Yeah, that's the ideal......」
The young man was exhausted, as if he were exhaling all the breaths he had taken so far.
”Um, p-please hang in there! Hang in there!”
Maybe she just lost consciousness, or...
Disgusting thoughts swirl around in my head.
I grit my teeth, look straight ahead, and start walking towards the town.
To save this person in one second.
Before we knew it, it started raining and slammed into our backs.
Rain water flows into my gloves, but this isn't the time to be concerned.
I carried the young man to the church in a daze.
Ray, why... Th-That person!?
Panicking, Shiona greets me.
”He collapsed on the way here! He's seriously injured!”
「Okay. Carry it all the way in.」
Led by Shiona, I carry the young man to the room with the bed.
As I lay her down on the white sheets, the rain water and blood on her body mix together and spread out into a red stain.
The young man does not regain consciousness.
ray, i brought you some water.
I place the glass Shion gave me into the young man's mouth.
I pour some water down.
The young man's throat pulsated.
Even so, I couldn't regain consciousness.
Compared to when we first met, her complexion had turned pale.
「Shiona, I'm going to the library! I'm sure there are medical books there!」
Shiona starts to say something, but bites her lip.
I’m worried about that, but we’re running out of time right now.
I run out of the room, looking away from Shion.
And then, not hesitating to get wet from the rain, I went to the library.
ray, what's wrong? you're all wet.
I must have been surprised when I rushed in, as Tippy opened her eyes wide and stared at me.
I ask without caring about her unsteady breathing.
”Tippy... Do you have a medical textbook here?”
「Y-Yeah, I do.」
Please, can you take me there right away?
”Okay...”
She must have sensed something.
Tippy showed me to the place right away.
Is someone sick"
In the middle of the road leading her,Tippy asked, still facing forward.
Yeah... You're hurt.
「Ray? Shiona? Or...」
No, you don't know him. That's why you don't have to look so sad.
But... But, but...
Large teardrops ran down her cheeks.
That young man is a stranger to Tippy.
And yet, and yet...
To be able to cry for that person...Tippy is such a kind girl.
”I'm fine... I'm fine.”
I pick up Tappy and gently wrap my arms around her.
I could feel her tears through her clothes.
I can feel a small pain in my chest.
Enduring that pain, I fished through medical books.
But no matter how many books we have, we're still amateurs.
I didn't know what kind of symptoms, what kind of treatment to do, or even which books were correct.
I took as many books as I could carry back from the library.
I return to the church without even caring about the book getting wet.
I open the door and hear a melody.
It's the melody Shiona sings.
That voice alone made it clear that this was a holy place.
「Shiona, how are you doing?」
No... I can't wake up. I did what I could, but...
I run to the young man.
It's probably Shiona's bandage.
But the young man's face is even paler than before.
I violently opened the medical textbook.
I flipped through the pages and checked to see if there was anything I could do.
However, we were too reckless.
No matter how wonderful a medical book it is, it's just a bundle of paper.
There's no way we could save someone with medical science, since we don't have any technique.
We were so powerless, we were so small.
Shiona quietly starts singing.
Unlike usual, it was quiet, like a requiem.
... Hmm... This song"
The young man opens his eyes at Shiona's song.
But that point of view is hollow, and it feels like it could disappear at any moment.
Do you know this song"
Yeah, this song brings back memories... I used to sing it all the time"
The young man's eyes trace along the ceiling and meet mine and Shion's.
At that moment, the young man's expression softened.
So this is where it was... The world I've been searching for"
”What do you mean? What world was it that you were looking for...?”
The young man can no longer hear me, so he won't answer my question.
She just keeps talking unilaterally.
「...the path to coexistence......the world of harmony......」
The young man finishes speaking and quietly closes his eyes.
She didn't move a muscle after that.
I could feel something spilling out of my chest.
「Hey, Shiona, why won't you open your eyes? Are you sleeping?」
I'm losing all the strength I had until now...
Hey, I wonder why... I wonder if I'm tired...
An indescribable sense of loss sunk deep into my chest like a dark cloud.
Pain runs through my chest like it's been churned.
Shiona embraces me from behind.
That warmth calmed me down a little.
I naturally place my hand on hers.
「Shiona...I, I...」
Ray... let's hold a funeral for you.
A funeral...?
It's like a ritual performed when a person dies.
When people died...
With those words, I recognized it.
Ah, she's dead"
”That is the only way to mourn the dead.”
I can't move while listening to what she says.
I can’t process the existence of death that appeared in front of me.
Well then, I have preparations to do, so could you help me?
All I could do was nod briefly.
We started preparing for the funeral.
To mourn for this young man whose name I didn't even know.
While preparing for the ceremony, there was one thing that bothered me.
I left Tippy, who had been crying so much, in the library.
I wonder if Tippy's still crying.
In that dark library.Alone.
ray, what's wrong?
While I was in the middle of decorating the altar, Shiona spoke to me, since my hands had stopped moving.
”Yeah... There's something that's been bothering me.”
”Something on your mind? What's wrong? About that man?”
”No, that's not what I meant... It's about Tee hee.”
”Tippy? What about you?”
When I went to get a medical textbook, I told Tee hee everything about him. Then he started crying... And I left him in the library.
「It's turning blue, just like that, isn't it」
Yeah, that's right. That's why I thought you might still be crying...
...Yeah, you might be right. I'm sure she's crying in the back of the library.
I could easily imagine her figure.
When I think about it like that, I can't help but feel uneasy.
Shiona, can I go check on Tippy for a bit?
Shiona smiles sadly.
There's still a little more time before the funeral. I hope she comes back soon.
Yeah, I know. I'll be right back.
「...Okay. Take care.」
Shiona turns to me with a somewhat sad smile.
I finish decorating the altar and head to the library.
Holding the medical textbook I borrowed.
I walk down the street, holding an umbrella.
The town looked somehow different from usual.
It was as if I'd lost something important...
I run through the city of sense of loss and hurry to the library.
The library was enveloped in silence, as if to block out the sound of the rain.
――No, just one thing.
Except for the sound of the blue girl's sobbing.
Relying on that girl's crying, I move forward.
The girl is in her usual place.
The girl is crying as she paints as usual.
Ray... Ray...
When she sees me, she extends a small hand to me.
As if answering, I embrace her small body.
The moment I hug her, her slurping voice becomes a little louder.
「Ray...what happened to her?」
Those words choked me.
Hey, Ray... Ray...
He... hey... hey"
Silence turned into an answer.
As if she'd realized everything, she started crying in a loud voice, without a trace of sadness.
Large teardrops spill from her eyes for the sake of that young man she'd never met.
Yeah, I wonder why.
What is this pain in my chest?
My heart is being churned.
It would occasionally hurt my chest with pain.
It must have overflowed from the wound on my chest.
It was overflowing from her eyes with heat.
Before I knew it, I was crying.
I shed tears at the death of a nameless young man.
Oh, that's right.
This is ❛sadness. 
It's a blue emotion.
It's the emotion that's always been on Tippy's mind.
It was so painful, so painful.
Tears streamed down without end.
I don't know how to stop it.
――No, that's not it.
I didn't want to stop.
I wanted to keep the overflowing hot drops flowing like this.
I'm sure this drop will heal her sadness.
We're keeping our hearts together by shedding the sadness that's built up in our hearts.
Thinking about it like that, the weight that had built up in the depths of my chest felt a little lighter.
And at the same time, it felt like the amount of tears that flowed out increased.
I cried.
We cried.
We wept, hugged, and cried.
Cry, cry, cry...
No matter how much time passes, my tears will never dry up.
Tears continued to flow, so that the sadness wouldn't die down.
”Tippy, we have a funeral coming up.”
”...Phoenix? What...is that?”
「It's a ritual to say goodbye to the dead. Shiona's preparing for it now.」
”Farewell...? What do you mean...?”
That we won't be able to see each other again"
“I won't see him again... No!”
Tippy clung to me tightly.
Her arms were trembling.
「I understand how you feel, Tippie. But I think it's precisely because you're sad that you have to say goodbye.」
「We'll never see each other again, so let's say goodbye and see him off. Otherwise I'm sure it'll be lonely and sad...」
“I'm sad... I'm sad...”
Yeah, I'm sure you're right. That's why I'm sending you off. Can you do it... so that you won't be lonely and sad?
Tippy slowly pulls away from me.
She looks up at me with a face that won't stop crying.
”...I can do it. I can do it, Tippy.”
”I see. That's great, Tippy.”
She looked a little happy as I stroked her head.
But those tears never stopped.
Okay, let's go... Can you stand?
「Yeah......... Hold on a second.」
Tippy stands up and picks up a teddy bear.
The stuffed animal that's always with her is still in her arms.
We headed to the church, holding hands in the rain.
Father, who is a merciful god, I leave to you the young man who believes in the only child you have sent, and whose journey through life has ended with eternal hope"
「Please remove all the burdens placed on the siblings who are leaving us, guide them to heaven's shelter, and add them to the group of saints.」
「May our Lord's promised hope of resurrection support us, and we shall share our eternal joy with the children who have been summoned to you.」
Shiona's voice echoes through the church, and it's filled with attendants.
No one has ever seen that young man before.
No one should know that young man.
Even so, all the people gathered here mourned the young man's death.
This feeling of caring for others, the connection between people, I thought.
Everyone clasped their hands in front of their chests, closed their eyes, and prayed.
We follow suit.
Shiona's quiet voice echoes through the church.
It almost sounded like a song she was offering to the young man...
After the funeral, the young man is buried in the graveyard behind the church.
Everyone in town walks up to the coffin one by one to say goodbye and say goodbye.
a good next life...
Let's meet again someday...
eternal rest...
I say what I want to say.
”Come on, Tippy.”
We approached the coffin in our turn.
Tippy stared intently at the young man's coffin.
The tears that she had shown him just before the funeral were gone, and she just stared at the young man with an expressionless face.
As if she had lost her emotions.
She just kept silent.
She stared intently at the coffin.
Feeling uneasy, I tried to call out to Tippy.
But, the moment before that, she opened her mouth.
She murmured in a small voice.
Several hours have passed.
It was rare for light to come in through the clouds when it stopped raining.
It was rare for sunlight to shine in from the gray, murky sky.
However, I was never captivated by the beautiful scenery.
Because I was worried about the expression on Teddy's face during the funeral.
Her expression was too empty to be called sorrow.
I don't know what that means.
Even so, there's one thing I can think of.
I want to be by her side.
I want to stay by her side and talk to her.
And I want to heal that sadness.
Those feelings welled up inside me.
I try to open the door, but Shion stops me.
”Yeah, I was thinking of going to see Tee hee.”
「Tippy looked really sad at the funeral, so I was worried.」
I see... But you see, I'm worried about Ray.
「Yeah. After all, Ray looks really sad.」
”Sad...?”
I touch my cheek with my hand.
「Well then, you don't understand, do you? Hora, come over here.」
She pulls me to the living room, and I stand in front of the mirror.
「Look, you look sad, don't you?」
My face in the mirror... was blue.
understand why Shiona always called him blue"
Right now, I'm making the same face as Tippy.
Even though her heart was quiet, her body lost its strength, and her expression was sunken by gravity.
...Yeah, this is the first time I've seen my face like this.
This is... sadness.
Even if you don't cry, when you're captivated by these emotions, your expression becomes so blue.
People have died. It's only natural for you to make that face.
How does it feel......to live like this......?
It was bitter... and painful... and heavy... and painful and cold...
I look at Shiona's expression through the mirror.
However, her smile seemed somehow sad and fleeting.
I'm sure she's smiling firmly.
Just thinking about it made my heart ache.
”You're important to her, too. But first, I want you to take good care of yourself.”
Am I... important to you?
「Yeah, that's right. Ray cares about himself.」
I hadn't thought about... how to take care of myself.
「You're so nice, Ray. That's why you prioritize other people over yourself.」
But that's what I want to do.
「I'm a little sad about that. I don't want you to force yourself.」
I'm not forcing myself"
”Really? I don't think so.”
She wraps her arms around mine.
”...I'm worried.”
I felt my heart rate rising.
I don't know what that is.
But it was definitely moving my emotions.
I felt kindness from that warmth.
......no, more than kindness......I feel a different warmth from touching my skin.
Hey, Ray, want some tea?
”Tea...? Why?”
「When I drink something warm and fluffy, my heart and body feel all fluffy. It feels really good to be able to relax, mind and body.」
”But...Tippy...”
You know, I'm sure Tappy's upset because someone died. But I'm sure she'll get over it. Let's leave her alone for now. It's very important, you know?
“Really?”
Yeah, I'm sure you're right. Because if you don't, you won't be able to become strong"
People can overcome walls and sadness and become stronger. But if someone helps them every time, they can't grow. Let's leave them alone for today, so that they can grow up, okay?
tippy's a weakling.
She's always crying.
But if this is a chance to grow...
I'll accept that.
「Shiona, could you make some tea?」
Of course. Could you take a seat and wait for me"
I sit on the sofa and wait for the tea.
After waiting for a while, a nice aroma filled the room.
「Sorry for the wait. It's a special tea. Enjoy.」
The teacup she hands me is filled with orange drinks.
A faint sourness and a faint sweet fragrance drifted about.
「Like this. It's been a while since I've had a nice, long chat with Ray.」
Yeah, you're right. A lot's happened"
「Ray, how are your memories?」
No, it doesn't look like she's going back yet"
I see... But don't worry. You might suddenly remember something.
Yeah, thanks... But I'm really sorry"
My apologies? For what?
「I'm a freeloader, but I can't repay you for what you did.」
「That's not true. I'm just happy to have you by my side.」
But that's not even the slightest repayment of gratitude.
That's not all. She fixed the music box for me... That's how I became able to sing"
「You were singing before that, weren't you?」
But it's quite different from not having a melody. You know, we played together at the plaza, right? Actually, I sang there many times"
”By yourself...?”
Yeah. But no one listened to me at the time"
Even though she has such a wonderful voice? That's strange"
Hehehe, thank you. But that's just how it is. That's why I was so happy when you brought me the music box.
No way... I was just spinning the music box.
That's what makes me happy. Nothing makes me happier than having you by my side"
Same here. I'm happy to be with you, Shion.
...Hee hee. Thanks, Ray. You're starting to get really emotional"
Emotions? Me?
「Yeah. You're even more expressive than when we first met.」
That's what I wanted, what I wanted.
I've been longing for this ever since I woke up.
Being told that by Shiona fills my heart.
That's what she told me when I was incomplete. I was close to Shiona... to Humans.
「I'm sure that's because you were smiling next to me.」
”Really? I didn't do anything.”
「No, it's because you were there for me. Thank you, I'm grateful.」
「I'm the one who should be thanking you. Thank you, Ray.」
I should be the one thanking you.
I'm the one who should be thanking you... Hehe, that's strange. We've been thanking each other for so long.
That's certainly true. I wonder what we're doing.
... But something's wrong"
”What's so funny?”
Isn't it strange that you think it'd be nice if this time could last forever?
...No, not at all. I was thinking the same thing...
... Can I come over there"
Shiona sits next to me.
A distance at which I can feel her warmth.
We've been closest to each other so far.
「Huh...? What's going on...?」
What's wrong"
My body feels kinda weird. My chest... is throbbing.
Could it have broken down? It would be a problem if it was such a serious failure that maintenance was necessary.
It's okay. I feel the same way. My heart's been beating so fast.
Huh? A-Are you okay? Doesn't it hurt?
Yeah. This is a wonderful thing"
Shiona gently bashfully puts her hand on mine.
Softly, as if enveloping.
Responding to that, I turn my wrist. As if to put our palms together... so that our fingers can intertwine.
I can feel Shiona's warmth even stronger.
And that warmth warms the depths of my chest.
It's so warm deep in my chest, little by little...
”My chest...? Here...?”
Shiona's hand reaches out to my chest.
The place where I touched her instantly became hotter.
「Your hand feels really hot......I wonder why. Maybe you're sick?」
No, not at all"
「Do you know what's causing this, Shiona?」
Yeah, probably"
Tell me"
「Fufu, I wonder what I should do.」
「Don't be mean. I'm curious.」
Hmm... But this isn't just a ray.
「You mean when it gets hot?」
Yeah, that's right. My chest feels really hot right now"
「The same with Shiona?」
“Yeah, it’s the same. It might be worse than Ray’s wound.”
”That's terrible! What can I do to cure it?”
No, I can't fix it... You don't have to"
My chest feels hot, and it's tight, and it hurts, and it hurts, and it hurts, but it's warm... That's good. That's good, Ray.
Shion's hand gets a little hotter.
I hold her hand back.
ray, please.
”I want you to be with me forever.”
Okay... Will you be with me forever?
Yeah... I promise"
Thank you, Ray. I'm so happy... so, so happy"
Shiona leans her head against my chest.
I feel like that fills my heart.
It's similar to the joy I felt before, but it's even stronger.
I wonder what Humans call this.
I wanted to ask Shion, but I thought it would be rude to interrupt this atmosphere.
That's why, just like that... I surrender myself to time with Shion.
The sweet-smelling tea on the table. We stayed like that until the steam ran out.
The next day, after breakfast, I was preparing to go out.
She calls out to Shiona, who's washing the dishes.
「I was thinking of going to the library.」
”Are you...going to the library to see Tappy?”
Yeah, that's the plan"
I'm sure she's still in the middle of overcoming it. So let's leave her be.
Yeah... But when I think about how lonely I'd be if I couldn't get over it, I can't just leave her alone.
Just like how Shiona was by my side yesterday and made me feel warm, I think I can support her just by being near her.
”Don't worry. You're not that weak, Tippy.”
”Really...?”
Yeah, I'm sure. More importantly, Ray, I have a favor to ask. Why don't we go to the plaza today?
”The plaza? Why?”
I was thinking of holding the music box... and singing again"
Yeah, sad things happened, right? That's why it's important to rest"
”Can I rest...?”
I'm sure the people in town are feeling down because of the funeral. Don't you think that's why you want to brighten everyone's mood?
... Everyone in town? Of course I think so"
It hurts to see a sad face.
If I could, I'd like to heal that sadness.
That's our melody. I'm sure the town will cheer up.
I see... I wonder.
Yeah, I'm sure of it. Come on, let's get ready"
Urged on by Shion, I reach for the music box.
The music box I maintain every day is ready to play music at any time.
We set off for the plaza.
It was early afternoon on a cloudy day.
There were few people.
「There's no one here, Shiona.」
「It's always like this at this hour. Before Ray came.」
Before I came...?
I told you, didn't I? Ever since Ray started playing music, everyone has been listening to my songs. The people in the town are changing little by little. They've been going out more often, and they've been interacting with each other more. I feel like they're becoming more and more connected.
Is it... because I came?
Yes, I think so. Ever since Ray came, the people in town have changed. In a good direction, of course.
Those words made me very happy.
I'm helping someone.
That fact won't stop me from enjoying myself.
「You look happy, Ray.」
Yeah. You're smiling"
My cheek?
Yeah, look—"
Shiona's fingertips touch my cheek.
Just from that, I felt another warmth in the depths of my chest.
「My face feels kinda hot.」
「Are you embarrassed, Ray? Ahaha.」
My face gets even hotter.
It seems that what Shiona said was right.
「Well then, Ray, shall we begin?」
Yeah, are you ready"
“Anytime.”
Shiona slowly closes her eyes.
I felt like I wanted to see her beautiful face forever.
But at the same time, I want to hear her singing.
That's why I slowly started turning the music box handle.
The melody is accompanied by Shiona's singing voice.
The two melodies undid each other's beautiful tones.
Soon, people began to gather.
At first, they looked a little gloomy, but they gradually regained their smiles.
And before I knew it, a ring of big smiles had spread across the plaza.
Town Boy A
Town People A
Town People B
Town People C
Town People D
Various people's smiles and words were flying about.
Yeah, this is it.
This is what I've been looking for.
The people look like they're having fun.
Joy amplifies every time she sees that smile.
I was sad that that girl wasn't in that circle.
The blue girl in the back of the library.
A girl who never comes here.
The girl who was still shut up in the library.
All I could think about was that girl.
I come back to my senses at Shiona's voice.
Sorry, I was just thinking about something.
I see... Everyone's already gone home"
When I looked around, there were so many people in such a large circle.
I've been lost in thought for a very long time.
”What were you thinking?”
“Hm... No... It's nothing...”
”Want me to guess? It's about Tappy, isn't it?”
She saw right through me. That's why I nod obediently.
... Yeah, that's right"
I knew it... Do you really want to know?
Yeah, I'm curious. She's still so young after all"
A little girl, huh... That's right.
Besides, I'm always alone. Of course I'm lonely"
But it's always been like this. I'm used to it now"
That's not true"
「But didn't Shion say the people in town have changed ever since I came here?」
Yeah, you're right"
In that case, I want you to change too. It's wrong to be lonely.
I tell her to return what she's taught me.
At those words, Shiona's smile clouded slightly.
She looked in the direction of the library, closed her mouth for a moment, and turned back to me with a smile.
Let's go home, Ray"
It's going to rain from noon today. Come on, let's go home... Okay? I'll make you some fluffy white soup.
I'm half-forced out of the plaza by Shiona's hand.
A few hours later.
I was about to leave the house when Shiona called out to me again.
Umm, I wanted to read a book...
If you're looking for books, I've got a few that you've been reading"
That's not what I meant... Um, I'm sure it's a genre that's not in here"
What kind of genre"
「It's a mechanical book. I've been interested in it ever since I fixed Mad-san's.」
I see. I'm glad you're interested in something.
Yeah, thanks. That's why I'm going to the library"
Do I have to do that today"
Yeah, the sooner the better. I want to read it as soon as possible"
But it's going to rain soon, you know"
「The weather doesn't matter. I'll go out in the rain.」
But your book might get wet, you know?
Don't worry, I'll take your bag.
「Hmm... Then I'll go and borrow it for you.」
Eh? No, it's fine. I'll go myself.
No, it's fine. I have some shopping to do as well, so I'll be on my way.
Saying that, Shiona returns to her room.
I wonder why.
I get the feeling that Shiona's trying to keep me away from the library.
No, that's not it.
I'm sure it'd be more accurate to say it to Tippy.
I didn't know what that meant, but it seemed true that she didn't want him to see her.
Shiona says it calmly, but I can tell how she feels.
(But why?)
「We're ready, Ray. What kind of books should we borrow?」
I probably wouldn't understand even if I told you, so I'll go with you.
「No, I'm fine. You take it easy, Ray.」
Then... I'd like you to borrow a book with electronic circuits.
Electric circuits, huh? Got it. I'll be going then"
Shiona leaves.
A few minutes passed.
It's about time I lost sight of Shiona.
I put my hand on the door leading outside.
...That’s strange.
It's unlocked.
But that door never opened.
It’s as if it’s bolted from the outside.
(Perhaps that's the case.)
When Shiona left, she locked the door from the outside so that I wouldn't notice.
That's why I can't go out through this door.
――But why?
――For what reason?
I return to the living room with my head in my hands.
I look at the table and see a piece of paper lying on it.
It's a letter from Shiona.
ray.
It was locked. I'm sure you'd be surprised.
Do you remember when I told you that a nearby town was attacked?
That's why, as a precaution, I'll lock the door.
Please watch the house while I'm gone.
The meal is prepared with soup and bread.
Please warm it up and eat it.
don't ever go outside.
That dead young man had also told me stories about the repeatedly looting of Humans.
It's possible that this Human is nearby.
If that's the case, it's dangerous to go outside.
I see. So Shiona was worried about me.
But if that's the case, it'd be dangerous for Shiona to go outside.
Shouldn't I have gone shopping as a man?
I can't lie to her......
Indeed, it was probably true that there were Humans who looted.
Even so, is it really necessary to lock the door from the outside?
In fact, if you lock it from the outside, you can unlock it from the outside.
It will be easier to enter the house.
――That’s strange.
If she really had been on the lookout for the Humans looting, she wouldn't have sung in the plaza yesterday.
There's no way they'd go out of their way to gather people.
If that's the case, why?
――There’s only one thing I can think of.
you locked me in.
so i can't get near tippy.
There's no way Shiona would do something like this without thinking.
There must be a reason.
And I'm sure she's doing it for my sake.
...Did something happen to her?
I wonder if she's trying not to let me know about it.
It's not good for me......I don't want to know and be sad about it......
I couldn't help but stand there.
I want to see Tippy. I want to make sure.
The blue girl crying alone in the library.
I wanted to dry the girl's tears.
I look around the church.
There was a window quite high up.
Even if I can climb up, there's no guarantee that I'll be able to get out and get down.
But that's the only way out of here.
Suddenly, a white cloth catches my eye.
The curtains sway in the wind.
There were many of them in the room, and they looked long, big, and sturdy to cover the large windows.
I'm going to take the curtains off all the windows.
There was no sign of sunlight pouring down from the dark clouds.
After tying the five curtains together on the table, it became quite long.
It's long enough to go down to the first floor.
I tied the curtains to the bars of the window.
I wind it up over and over again, checking its strength.
it's okay. it's okay.
I'll be able to support myself.
I tied the other end of the curtain to myself.
She steeled herself and leaned out the window.
The ground I can see from there looks very far away.
I feel a little faint, but I can't pull away from here.
Holding the curtains, I slowly lower my body.
A strong wind shook me along the way.
All I could do was hold on to the curtain while my body was swinging.
A few minutes wait for the wind to stop.
I take a deep breath and resume the work of lowering my body.
It probably took about ten minutes for my feet to finally reach the ground.
My body was so tired that I felt like I would fall on my back.
But I don't have time to rest here.
I started walking towards the library, where the blue girl was waiting.
It began to rain quietly, as if to block my thoughts.
As if to quench the thirst of the town, its force gradually increases.
I, who didn't have an umbrella, walked forward, not hesitating to get wet.
Her wet clothes clung to her bare skin, bringing about disgust.
I cover my right hand, which is covered in gloves, to avoid the rain.
A puddle of water began to form at my feet, and I began to hear distant thunder.
Her rough breathing occasionally carries rainwater to her mouth.
Against my burning body, the cold rain hits me from outside.
With the taste of the rusty rain coming out of my mouth, I finally arrived.
In the library, where the blue girl waits alone.
It's dark inside, and there's no light leaking out.
I wonder if she's still in the sea of dark books?
Just thinking about it made my heart ache.
I enter the entrance and advance deeper into the depths where the blue girl awaits.
“You're here...”
A voice came from deep inside.
It wasn't Tippy's.
The culprit who kept me away from here――
Didn't I tell you in my letter that you shouldn't go outside because it's dangerous? Did you not see it"
No, I saw it"
「I see... So that's why you're here. You're such a bad boy, Ray.」
I hear Shiona's laughter.
But I can't see her expression very well in the dimly lit building.
Why did you lock me in here?
「I didn't mean to lock you up... but I guess that's how it turned out, huh? I'm sorry.」
”You have your reasons, don't you? If you don't mind, could you tell me?”
... Reason? The reason is simple. I don't want you to see her.
“You don't want me to see him?”
To the blue girl in front of me"
”Tippy? Why?”
「I can't tell you that. It's top secret.」
「Wait, I don't understand what you're saying. Why can't I see you?」
That's... no good.
That's not a good reason! Tell me.
I can't tell you why"
I couldn't help but speak up.
At the same time, I realize that my chest is red and hot.
Is this anger?
Am I angry with Shion...?
That's not my intention. I just want you to tell me the truth.
But my words just now seem to have upset her.
I can't see her expression clearly in the darkness, but the atmosphere she's giving me has changed.
The atmosphere was filled with hesitation.
Shiona opens her mouth a little and tries to say something......but stops herself.
Then, she hung her head and pulled back her chin, and let out a whisper.
”...Because it will bring misfortune.”
”Unhappy? Who?”
「......Ray and I......everyone in this town, I guess.」
The people in town? By meeting with us? I don't know what you're talking about.
「Yeah, I don't know about that right now, but I'm sure you'll regret it.」
「Why do you regret it? Hey, Shiona, tell me clearly. I'm not smart, so I don't know. If you don't say it clearly......」
In other words, this is...
The sound of boots.
Shiona approaches me through the dimly lit entrance.
The next moment, I felt warmth.
And softness.
Shiona's hugging me.
「Shiona...eh? Wh, what...」
Please, Ray... Why don't you go home with me?
”As it is...? What do you mean?”
「It's very, very bad for Ray and Tappy to see each other. To be more precise, it's very bad for them to see each other. That's why...」
”Did I make you mad? Is that why you don't want to see him?”
No, the opposite. You love Ray, don't you?
”Then--”
That's why I can't see you. Please understand"
She tightens her grip on my hips.
A sweet fragrance enveloped my entire body, making my head spin.
「......is that your wish?」
Yes, that's right. It's a request from my heart.
「What would you think if I met with Tippie?」
It's very, very sad. I think it'll be blue and sting"
「Why? Why do you think that?」
Shiona pulls her face away from me and looks up at me...
She says so boldly.
”Rei... I love you.”
「S......ki......?」
At those words, I almost stopped thinking.
Sweet breath.
Our lips almost touch.
A hand wrapped around my hips.
The warmth of my body.
We were infinitely close.
And those words just now.
It's just two words connected together, but it's filled with a very deep emotion.
Those words filled the inside of my chest with incredible force.
felt more happiness than ever before."
Something needed by someone.Someone in particular poured more than a certain amount of emotion into it.
I don't know any more pleasure than this.
And now, I'm trying to obtain that joy.
I wrap my exhausted arm around Shion's back.
Shiona will accept that.
The warmth in my chest grows.
「Shiona, I......」
Yeah, Ray. I know. So let's go home...
We hold Shiona's hand.
I turned on my heels and walked to the door to the library.
...Thank you, Ray. But this is for your own good"
Her words make me feel uncomfortable.
I suddenly stop walking, and Shion calls out to me with a strange voice.
Didn't you just say for my sake ?」"
Yeah, I did say that"
「You're wrong, Shiona.」
「Wrong? What's wrong, Ray?」
If it's for my sake, then this isn't it.
「No, I'm not. This is for Ray's sake.」
No. After all, I'm happy that I can be of use to someone. I'm here to help someone. But right now, I'm trying to disappear from the sight of someone who can be of use. That's not my happiness, and it's not for me. In that case, who am I doing this for?
Shiona, I'm going to go see Tippy. It's not for anyone's sake, it's for myself. If this makes anyone unhappy, it's my fault. But even if it does, I won't stop walking. Because that's the result I wanted.
I let go of Shiona's hand and thrust into the entrance again.
Shiona's voice won't reach my back.
Shiona just stares at me silently, with a sad expression on her face.
I walk through the rain-smelling entrance and into the back of the library.
I could feel the moisture on the soles of my shoes being absorbed into the carpet every time I walked.
Dry library air coils around my wet skin.
I couldn't help but feel sick.
It might have something to do with the fact that she broke up with Shion just now.
My heart aches, as if it’s swallowing something heavy.
Shiona's face crosses my mind over and over again.
She had a sad smile on her face.
How did it end up like this?
Why did I do something like this?
Waves of regret washed over me.
But I couldn't let her rest her legs.
――She's in the back.
The girl who was always alone.
She's always a blue girl.
The girl who always sheds tears.
I couldn't leave that girl alone.
That's why I'm walking down this hallway.
There was a painting on the wall of the hallway.
These are the paintings that Tippy writes a single day.
There was a girl drawn on a new piece of paper.
It was not long before I knew who the girl was.
A small girl is drawn on a large piece of paper.
Tears were running down her cheeks.
All the recent paintings had the same composition.
A picture of a lonely girl crying.
When I look at the picture, my chest hurts a lot.
The girl was always alone.
I felt like I could understand that sadness.
I want to wipe away that sadness as soon as possible.
i wanted to tell you that you're not alone.
I wanted to tell her that I was by her side.
I drag my wet shoes down the long hallway.
I move forward, looking at the picture on top of the tippy's reach.
At that moment, something felt wrong.
It is not because of the content of the painting.
The problem is the number of pictures.
No matter how you look at it, Tippy is a young girl.
Even if she paints every day, will she really be able to write this many pictures?
...There might have been days when I'd write a few pages a day.
Even so, the number of pages in this painting is impossible.
Was the girl that lonely?
Maybe she had nothing else to do but paint.
Ahh, why did I leave the girl alone?
I wonder how many tears I made her shed.
The girl in the picture cried more and more every day.
It was as if the girl's sadness was becoming deeper.
i was in a hurry.
Towards the girl who must be crying alone.
To soothe that sorrow.
And to wipe away her tears.
To embrace the girl. To embrace her body with both hands.
I walked so fast that my breath caught in my throat, and headed for the deepest part of the library.
The girl, who should always be there, wasn't there.
The teddy bear that stays there all the time is nowhere to be found.
There was only a half-finished painting and a crayon.
In the half-finished painting is the figure of a crying girl.
――Where did Tippy go?
I searched the bookshelves, but couldn't find her anywhere.
Is she somewhere in this library?
Or is it outside the library?
I don't know the truth.
You won't know unless you try looking for Tippy.
I started walking.
I sew through the bookshelf and look for the blue girl.
The library on the vast premises wasn't suitable for searching for people.
On top of that, it's dark.
I can't just look for it from the side of the bookshelf.
I'll have to take a step at a time to see for myself.
I walked through the bookshelves from the back of the library to the entrance.
Before I knew it, her wet clothes had started to dry.
And then, when her hair was completely dry.
Finally, I was able to find that girl.
The girl was on a big stepladder, laying out books on the shelf.
The girl lives in this library, and plays the role of librarian.
She must have returned the book to its original place like this.
That would be harsh for this little girl.
The thousands of bookshelves in this library were piled up so high that they reached the ceiling.
I don't even want to think about how many books there are.
The girl must face such a large number of books and manage them like this every day.
Only one person in this library.
When I thought about it, for some reason, I couldn't help but feel like my chest was tightening.
She stretches on top of the stepladder and returns a book larger than her face to the shelf.
After finishing the work and taking a breather, Teehee turns to me.
「...Ray! ...Wah, wawawawah...」
Noticing my presence, Tippy lost her balance on the stepladder.
”Watch out, Tippy!”
The stepladder falls over.
She holds out her hand to me.
Responding to that, I reach out with both hands.
――A shock pierced through my chest and back.
Before I knew it, I was lying on the floor from behind, holding her to my chest.
「Ray...... You came, Ray......!!」
Tippy kept rubbing her cheek against my chest.
Out of relief, I patted the tippy on the head.
Her soft hair welcomed me in.
”Tippy, are you hurt anywhere? Are you hurt?”
「Yeah, I'm fine! Is there anywhere you want to go, Ray?」
I'm fine. Thanks for worrying about me.
”I love you...I love you, Ray... You saved me...”
The little girl's hand grips my clothes.
I felt a little wetness and warmth in my chest.
Tippy's crying.
But, it looked like her tears were different from usual.
Those must be tears of relief.
With me around, I'm sure he'll be able to lighten the mood a little.
With that thought, joy ran through me.
”Tippy, you were reading a book. Isn't it great? Isn't it great?”
Yeah, that's great. She's a really good girl"
「Hey, pet me. Be a good girl, pat me on the head.」
”Yes...Tippy is a good boy, a good boy...”
I stroke her silky hair.
Yay... Ray's patting my head. I'm so happy"
Do you always line up your books"
Yeah. It's just a cucumber. I want a lot of people to read it"
I look up at the bookshelf.
Indeed, some of these books are quite old-fashioned.
Some are worn down on the spines, and others are discolorated.
Is Tippy repairing these...?
I remember getting the book wet from the rain.
If I treat her roughly, I'll end up adding to her workload like this.
I swore from the bottom of my heart to treat her with care.
I sit up and rest my back on a nearby bookshelf.
Sorry I'm late"
「It's fine... You came here like this, Ray.」
Are you okay by yourself"
No... I was really, really lonely"
Were you crying"
Yeah... Yeah, yeah"
She presses her face against my chest.
Occasionally, I heard sobbing.
Don't worry. We'll be together forever.
”Forever? Will you be with me, Ray?”
Yeah, that's right. I'll try to come to the library as much as possible"
“Would you do it with me?”
Tee-pee looked up.
Large teardrops welled up in her eyes.
「That's a little difficult. I'm indebted to Shiona right now.」
“But I'll come every day. That's not lonely, is it?”
Yeah... But Yoru is really lonely"
Night, huh...
「It's dark, and quiet... and tippy, sometimes I feel like I'm all alone in the world.」
That's not true. That's not true...
All I could do was hold her in my arms.
There's a sweet smell coming from the tea.
A sweet fragrance, different from Shiona's.
Yeah, I know... Just doing this makes me happy. Right, Ray? Can I count on you"
”Yes, what is it, Tippy?”
“Will you help me?”
Yeah... Of course, it's no problem"
I get up and hold her hand.
I walk through the library with a few books inside.
Next is... a book called Philosophy of Mind and Body 」"
「That's three from the top, three from the top, and thirteen from the top.」
When she said the title of the book,Tippy immediately spoke of the place.
It was as if she knew all the books in this library.
Just like she said, there was a gap between the books.
When I put it in, it settled down perfectly.
tippy's not just saying whatever he wants.
With conviction, she pointed to the location of the book.
Intrigued, I decided to ask her some teasing questions.
”Hey, Tippy. Can I ask you something?”
Do you remember the beginning of this novel"
She held out a rather old-fashioned novel.
Tippy stares at the title and starts reading aloud as if she's reading a book in her head.
`Looking down, there was a height of five stories. Right next to the school building, there was a cream-colored brick spread out, and the sidewalk looked like it would feel good if you took a walk. There was a flower bed right next to the sidewalk, and you could see colorful flowers even from this height. If I threw myself in from here, would the cream color and flowers be stained with my filthy blood"
Every word, without a doubt, she read it aloud.
It matched the handwriting in the novel perfectly.
”Do you remember all the books here?”
Hmm... I don't know.
Then, what about this book"
After glancing at the book she held out,Tippy recited it in a flowing way.
There are about 206 bones that make up the human body, from the head to the occipital bone, the frontal bone, the temporal bone, the frontal bone, the top of the head bone, the butterfly bone, the sieve bone, the hammer bone, the kinuta bone, the stirrups bone, the lower nasal bone, the tear bone, the nasal bone, the spade bone, the upper jaw bone, the uvula, the cheek bone, the lower jaw, the tongue bone, the neck bone, the collarbone, the thoracic verte, the lumbar verte, the lumbar vertebrae, the senshii, the tail bone, the rib, and the sternum"
「...Then what's this?」
hand-written book with Complete pi written on it."
The origin of this Mukonshi theory ?」"
All things are finite, even souls are no exception. Children born after their souls run dry must be a soulless vessel, Edward Morg"
Tippy knows all the books here by heart.
But why?
Even if you have incredible memorization skills, you need to read these books first.
Even if I continue reading every day, I'll never be able to read this sea of books.
I wonder what's going on...
ray, what's wrong?
No, it's nothing. Let's put away the next book"
There's no point in thinking about why I don't have an answer.
For now, let's focus on helping Teddy with his work.
After returning all the books to their shelves, we sat down at the usual spot.
ray, thank you for taking care of me.
Tippy spoils me even more than usual.
Is this a reaction to not being able to see her?
The sight of her approaching me was cute and adorable.
”It's fine, Tippy. You're always alone, aren't you?”
Yeah... I'll always be alone. I'll miss you"
... How long have you been alone"
That might have been a forbidden question.
Tippy looks up at me sadly.
You've been alone for a long time"
And then, Tippy told me.
A sad story, about Tippy being all alone.
Papa! Mama"
That was back when her parents were still in the library.
I loved the girl.
I loved my kind mother and father.
Her mother was always smiling,and gently holding her in her arms.
My father was always sorting through the books while looking at the two of them.
”Tippy, you're as spoiled as ever.”
His father took out a digital book terminal from his desk.
Oh, that's right. You like this more, don't you?
put away the electronic terminal with a wry smile, and took out a book made of paper."
The art of printing has gone out of fashion, and it's a valuable cultural artifact now.
”Welcome, Tippy.”
She sat down happily upon her mother's lap.
And on top of that, there was the stuffed bear my parents had chosen for me.
tippy had a good time every day.
I enjoyed spending time with my beloved mother and father.
And there wasn't a day when I didn't feel happy.
Her mother always praised the pictures that Teepi painted.
I'm sure he'll be an artist in the end. He'll be proud"
My father always had hope for the future of Tippy.
I wish that day would last forever.
I want the three of us to be together like this forever.
that's what tippy always thought.
Before I knew it, the days when my parents wrinkled their brows had increased.
Tippy didn't like that expression.
The town is in a panic.
All the adults were talking about something.
However,the young Tippy didn't understand what that meant.
However, I was beginning to worry that my normal life would be ruined.
One day, the telephone rang.
That sound sounded very sad to her.
Her father's brow furrows as he answers the phone.
It was that expression, which Tappy didn't like.
After hanging up the phone, her father was talking to her mother.
After a while, the conversation turned into an argument.
They were arguing about something.
The only thing I know is that watching them argue is very sad.
”Tippy, will you listen to me?”
After a while, her mother looked at her with a meek expression.
Behind her was her father――and a bundle of luggage.
Tippy instinctively realized that her life up until now wouldn't last.
”Something terrible is happening in the world right now.”
A lot of people have been scared and can't sleep. You don't like that, right, Tippie-chan?
There are children all over the world who think that way. If it's possible, I'd like to help them"
Yes... I knew you'd say something like that... Anyway, I have an important matter to discuss with you. You don't have to understand, so can you listen?
The truth is, Mom and Dad, in order to save their children, we have to go far away. Even if we go, it might not be possible to change the situation... But there's a possibility that's the case.
“No. It’s far, far away. It’ll take days and weeks to get there.”
Her father stopped her when she tried to head to her room.
”There's no need for you to prepare for the trip, Tee hee.”
That's not it... The truth is, Tippie, Mom and Dad are going to that place alone.
”Two...? What about you, Tippy...?”
My parents looked at each other.
Tippy felt something from her parents,who looked sad.
At that moment, tears began to flow.
”I'm sorry, Tippy. I can't do that.”
Mom and Dad are going to a very dangerous place. I don't want to take you to such a dangerous place. You're important to Mom and Dad.
N-No... No, no... I'm cumming too...
My parents gently hugged Tippy.
”I'm sorry, Tippy... But we still have to go.”
”I'm sorry, Tippy... Don't worry, I'll be back soon.”
I'm sure I'll be back soon... so I won't be lonely...
「Tippy, be a good girl and watch the house. And show us your painting again.」
「Yeah, that's right. I draw pictures one at a time every day. What you saw, heard, heard, and felt. Tell us about it when we get back.」
「That's right. I'll write a lot of stories while I'm away. I'll come back to tell you that.」
Yeah, absolutely, absolutely. I promise, so...
The three of us hugged.
I don't know how long it'll last, but to heal that parting――
How much time had passed since then?
She continued drawing, as her father had told her to.
Every time I draw a picture, I stick it on the wall. So that I can see it as soon as my parents get home.
What I saw...
What I heard...
What I know......
What I felt......
But eventually, it was filled with feelings for my parents.
I want you to hug me, I want you to stroke my head, I want you to call me by my name, I want to see you... quickly...
My heart was turning blue.
The girl continued painting while shedding tears...
While shedding drops of blue sadness, Teddy told me about his sad past.
Her small shoulders are trembling.
The girl dies in front of me.
I can't measure how much of that sadness is.
It's probably because I've never felt that much sadness before.
That's why I can't understand her feelings.
I should be able to heal that sadness.
By embracing her small body.
I'm sure.
Tippy sits with her back against the wall.
I reached out to her delicate body.
When I touch her shoulder, her body jumps a little.
It wasn't rejection.
It seemed she was just a little surprised by the sudden action in the dark.
”It's all right, Tippy. It's all right.”
hey, ray, won't you disappear in front of tippy?
Yeah, I won't disappear"
”Why don't we leave him alone?”
Yeah, I won't leave you alone"
”Why don't we make him sad?”
Yeah, I won't let you be lonely"
”You won't let me make your wish come true, Teddy?”
Yeah, I won't make you sad"
”Will you take good care of him?”
Yeah, I'll take good care of you.
”Could you teach him a lesson?”
Okay, I'll hug you"
”Would you help me pick up Tippy?”
Okay, I'll carry you"
”Could you pet Tippy's head?”
Okay, I'll pet you"
”Could you hold my hand?”
Okay, let's hold hands"
”Will you be with me forever, Teddy?”
Tippy's eyes gleamed faintly in the dark.
Her shoulder, which I had touched, was so warm that it felt too hot.
I pull her close to me.
「Oh, you're getting along well.」
The voice that resounded in the darkness didn't belong to the girl trying to heal her sadness.
It belonged to Shiona, who was supposed to have left at the entrance.
Before I knew it, Shiona was standing next to me.
Still grinning from ear to ear in the dark, Shion approaches us directly.
But it's also a problem if they're too close. They're at that age, after all"
Shiona stopped me from reaching out to her.
「N...noo...」
Teepi's face twists in sadness as she yearns for that arm.
I reflexively raise my voice at Shiona.
「Shiona, what are you doing!?」
What's wrong? You're so excited. You have to think about your skinship with girls your age.
That's not what I meant. You're sad... I'm trying to help you relax a little.
”Are you sad? About what?”
”It's for my parents who haven't come back yet! Tee hee, you've always been alone. You've always been lonely!”
That's reality, so it can't be helped"
Oh well? What do you mean by...
Shiona walks up to Tippy.
And then, I see a little sadness in her eyes.
”Tippy? I'm sorry, but you've always been alone, haven't you? You've always been alone.”
She says that with a smile in her usual tone.
「Shiona, what are you saying......?」
”You know, right? Mom and Dad aren't coming back.”
「Shiona......stop......saying such cruel things......」
”You're aware of it, aren't you? You just don't want to admit it.”
“...No... No... No...”
”Both your father and mother...”
「......Shiona......stop......」
Just die already~"
「Stooooooooop!!」
A voice echoed through the library.
My body was getting hot all over.
My breathing became ragged, and I felt a pain in the back of my head.
She gritted her teeth and let out a sharp growl.
My vision is blurry, and I can barely stand.
And at the same time, I was convinced.
My chest is red and it stings. The feeling that mud-san always had.
is an emotion called angry"
I feel anger at the absurdity happening in front of my eyes.
Right now, the hope of the blue girl has been cut off.
Tippie was hurt by Shiona's heartless words.
Tippy is crying in a voiceless voice.
Her face is all messed up.
She turned her sadness into a large droplet, and washed it down her cheek.
With her young body, she earnestly spoke of bottomless sadness.
Shiona makes another final blow.
I mean, you`re right. How long do you think your mom and dad haven`t been home?
”You draw pictures every day, right? How many have you done so far?”
“Stop...”
「Doesn't it make you sad? How many more pictures do you need to draw before your mom and dad come back?」
「Stop...it...」
“No matter how much you cry, it’s useless. Tears only flow to comfort yourself. It doesn’t change anything.”
“...Please stop...”
“That’s just self-satisfaction. If you cry, someone will be kind to you, so you’re crying. That’s just running away from reality.”
”Stop...it...”
It's about time you realized. Mom and Dad aren't coming back. Never again. You'll never be able to see Mom and Dad again"
Also, let me tell you this. Ray is just here out of sympathy for you. It's not that Mom and Dad poured love into you. It's just that pity is binding you to this place. Do you understand? You've always been alone.
Stop..."
An angry voice resounded.
When that voice echoed against the wall stopped ringing, only the sound of Tappy's sobbing remained.
Tippy looks up at Shiona with vacant eyes.
It felt like the light that had been dwelling in there until a little while ago had disappeared.
ray, pampering and comforting are two different things.
That's not true... That's not true...
「You should accept reality too, Ray. Your parents are no longer in this world.」
“No... That's not true...”
”Then why hasn't he contacted you? Didn't he have a letter for you, the one he loved so much?”
Well... I'm sure she's busy and has time to contact me...
If you know the other person is worried about you, then I won't waste any time. Especially if it's your beloved child. If you don't, then that means"
「Stop...... Please, stop......」
”--Tippy's father and mother are already dead.”
I froze.
Shiona's tone of voice is the same as usual, and her smile is the same as usual.
It would have been better if she had said it in a cold voice.
I couldn't say anything more due to that abnormal atmosphere.
The look on Shiona's face as she faces Tappy again is smiling.
Tippie-chan, your only family is your mother and father. But those two won't come back. That's why no matter how much you're with someone, you'll never truly be satisfied. Even if Ray is with you, you won't be a family. That's an irrefutable fact. You'll always be alone"
Shiona turns around and heads to the entrance.
On the way there, she turns to me once.
But my eyes are still fixed on the floor.
「Ray...it's all for your sake」
With that, Shiona leaves the library.
The building fell silent.
Right now, she didn't even have the sound of Tippy's sobbing anymore.
I was furious at Shiona's words and actions, and I was exhausted.
I can’t even stand up.
But I can't leave her alone like this.
The girl must be thinking that.
I'm all alone in the world.
I have to live in solitude.
I didn't want you to think that.
I wanted you to know I wasn't alone.
I don't feel pity for him.
It wasn't pity at all.
I ruminated on it many times.
Over and over again, as if trying to convince herself.
I reach out for her shoulder.
I embrace her delicate shoulders.
At first, Tippy's body jumped in surprise, but she calmed down to my chest.
She's pressing her face against me, holding back her tears.
I rubbed her trembling shoulders over and over again.
If only I could take away even a little of the sadness I felt for this small body...
I didn't know how long I'd been doing that.
We're sitting close to each other.
After a while, I lost my sense of time.
Tippy trudged up and walked off as if searching for something.
tippy doesn't answer.
It was a sketchbook and crayon.
Tippy comes back to me with those two things.
I sit down with my back to my stomach.
Tippy didn't answer again.
Instead, I flipped through the drawing paper.
Tippy picked up a crayon from the canvas on a brand new page.
And then, without hesitation, she ran a crayon on the drawing paper.
She's drawing cute pictures suitable for her age.
The first painting was of a blue girl.
There are tears on her cheeks.
Her eyes are filled with red.
I gently patted her on the head.
Looking down again,Tippy ran her crayon across the drawing paper.
It looks like I'm going to be the next one to be drawn.
His hand is on the girl's head.
It looked like she was stroking her head gently.
And then――
It's Shiona.
She looks at the girl with a scary face from a distance.
That's what Shiona was to her.
Even from my point of view, the Shion in front of Tippy will look like a picture.
Why did Shiona do that?
Shiona said.
he said it was all for me.
I don't know what that means.
No, I didn't want to understand.
i don't know what you mean by making tippy cry for me.
Will I be able to bring misfortune to someone and make them happy?
No, that can't be true.
That's something that shouldn't happen.
As if to drown out the words of Shion clinging to my ears, I embrace Tippy.
Her voice seemed to fade away.
But deep down, she seemed a little happy.
I thought as I looked at the picture.
Maybe this is a way to avoid her sadness in her own way.
It is said that people dream at the end of the day.
It is said that it was to sort out the memories of the events of that day.
Maybe that's what this painting looks like to you, Tippy.
(What happened that day...)
Everything, including good things and bad things, is painted in pictures.
By doing that, she might be able to sort out her memories and calm her heart.
In fact, Tippy's expression had softened somewhat.
As the painting progresses, the sadness fades.
As if handing over sadness to a painting.
Tippy stood up and took my hand.
Pulled along by her hand, I arrived at the wall with the picture on it.
It is said that he writes a picture a day.
The number of pictures was enormous.
Tippy pasted the picture she'd drawn today at the very end.
Another one of Tippy's paintings came up.
The picture on the wall felt like a diary describing this girl's loneliness.
I'm sure Tippy spent all her time alone in this story.
I've been talking about this all by myself...
When I think about it, something wells up in my chest.
I couldn't help but choke at the sight of her sorrowful eyes.
Instead of answering, I pull her into my arms.
After a while, I hear quiet breathing.
I compare the picture diary on the wall with the one sleeping in my arms.
Could this picture book be the heart of Tippy?
While thinking that, I fell asleep.
The church I live in.
I'm standing in front of a familiar white, large door.
I pushed the door open with both hands.
The chapel, which continued inside, was enveloped in surprising silence.
No, it wasn't completely silent.
Because my quiet sobbing voice reached my ears.
We went through the chapel.
And then, I ended up confronting the person without a care in the world.
It was a person who never stopped smiling.
It's Shiona.
Shiona's delicate shoulders tremble as she cries.
I couldn't hide my surprise at that.
――Why am I crying?
I had no idea why.
But it's true that Shiona's crying right in front of me.
Those tears were no lie.
Even so, I couldn't do anything.
...No, that’s not true.
I'm sure there's something I can do.
I reach out my hand.
My fingertips reach out to Shiona's eyes.
I don't think I can stop those tears.
But I can wipe away those tears.
That's all I can do, but――
I extended my fingers to the large droplet.
My hand stops midway.
My fingertips are made of machine.
Her extended index finger had a metallic luster....
That's right.
I had forgotten.
No, I just wanted to forget.
I'm not Human.
An artificial existence.
I wonder why.
I wonder if I'm not allowed to wipe away the tears of someone important to me?
Shiona cries.
She continued to cry.
I wonder if it's the sadness Shiona never showed me.
But I can't stop the unceasing tears from flowing.
Then why am I here?
I wonder what I can do for Shiona if I stay here.
I couldn't find the answer.
I couldn't move my extended machine hand any further....
――Right after that, the dissonance of metal rubbing against metal echoed around the room.
The deafening sound echoes intermittently.
Or so I thought, but my fingertips――
The piece crumbles and falls to the floor.
The collapse begins with my fingertips, and my palm, my wrist, my arm, and my shoulder begin to widen.
Parts of my body are falling apart.
Eventually, it became difficult for me to even stand there, and I fell to the floor.
My legs, my torso, were becoming scrap.
The scraps of iron pile up around me.
I couldn't even let my voice out, and had no choice but to accept that collapse.
Shiona's been crying all the time.
She's crying quietly.
I couldn't even reach for the machine anymore.
It wasn't even my arms or fingertips anymore.
The collapse eats away at my entire body, reaching all the way to my head.
I don't feel any pain.
She shouldn't have felt it.
But......
I felt a pain in the back of my chest, which should have been gone by now.
As my vision fades away, the last thing I see is Shiona's sad expression and tears.
Eventually, I'm just a metal――
It's become a pile of scrap.
――That’s when I wake up.
She was shouting something, but I don't remember.
Her breathing was rough.
I hurriedly checked my surroundings.
A dark, dusty space.
The air was thick and sticky.
And then, the thick books lined up on the shelves.
This is a library.
She must have fallen asleep yesterday, and just woke up in the morning.
I hurriedly took off my gloves and checked my right hand.
The thing that should have collapsed just now is still there.
But, just like in my dream, it's made of machine.
Before I knew it,Tippy was sleeping on my lap.
Her innocent sleeping face didn't show the sadness from yesterday.
It seems I've been dreaming of what Humans call a dream.
When in sleep mode, you can catch a glimpse of past records in order to organize your memory areas.
But that was probably just a prediction based on my experience and memory.
It's possible that something like this could be hidden in the future... or maybe it's being calculated.
Even so, how sad.
I still haven't calmed down the stirrings in my heart.
Why does Shiona's tears make me so flustered?
And why am I so powerless?
I'm not the real thing.
I knew that.
I thought I knew.
But I still want to make her laugh.
I want to make everyone in town laugh.
But I can't do that.
I know the answer, but I don't want to admit it.
――That’s because I made it.
The only truth I can’t resist.
But even so, I wished for it.
I want to make everyone around me smile.
And yet, that wish did not come true.
Shiona doesn't smile when I try to smile at her.
When I try to smile at her, I can't wipe away her tears.
How difficult it is!
Isn't there a better way to make everyone smile?
While looking at the sad sleeping face of Tappy, I ruminated on the inside of my chest over and over again.
I patted her on the head with my fingertips.
Her smooth hair doesn't tangle around my fingertip.
A sweet fragrance spread out.
Nn... nnn...
Maybe she was dreaming.Tippy let out a small voice.
My desire to protect her grows stronger as she sleeps.
But how?
I was at a loss as I looked between the right hand of the machine and Teddy's face.
I thought it would be nice if such a relaxed time could continue forever.
――But that didn't work.
A strange sound echoes from far away.
It was as if several people were walking at exactly the same time.
And then, a faint scream and the sound of something breaking.
Those two things destroy even my small hopes.
I hurriedly put my glove on my right hand.
Wh, what......? Ray, what is it......?
That abnormality woke Terry up.
The uneasiness that hadn't been there before spreads across her face.
「I don't know...but it looks like something happened.」
What do you mean? What do you mean"
I don't have any idea. But I do think it's a bad situation.
I stood up and pointed my tiptoes at the entrance to the library.
... Ray? Where are you going?
“I'll go check on him.”
「No... Don't go, Ray.」
“Don’t worry, I’m not going anywhere. I’m just going to check up on you on the roof for a while.”
“No... No...”
Tippy hugged her and cried.
She looked just like her parents, who had disappeared.
”It's all right. It's all right, Tee hee.”
「N...... No......」
”Have I ever broken a promise with you?”
Yeah, that's right. You always do that when you go to see her, don't you"
“So don’t worry. I’ll be back as soon as I see you from the roof.”
... Okay. But come back soon, okay"
Yeah, of course"
After exchanging a promise with Tappy, I headed for the library's rooftop.
I reach the top of the long spiral staircase in front of an old, rusty door.
There is no longer any evidence that it has been used for a long time.
When I open it, an unpleasant sound echoes in my ears.
I push the door open.
...At the same time.
Something strange jumps into my eyes.
Black smoke was rising from all over the town.
Something like a scream is not a mishearing, but it is coming from the mouth of the townspeople who are running away from something.
And the people in that town are being chased by several figures wearing dirty cloaks.
She's walking quietly with her gun in hand And yet, she's cornering people who are running away in cooperation with her.
It was as if everything had been calculated.
The people cornered by the wall and the assailants are talking to each other.
The assailant looks at each other and nods, then points the gun at the head of the townspeople.
And then, without any hesitation, she pulls the trigger finger.
With a dry sound, the people in town crumbled to the ground, their heads shaking as if they could burst......
That sound brought me back to my senses, and I understood the situation.
It's hard to believe, but... this town seems to be under attack.
So what Shiona said was true......
I hurried back to the lobby.
Seeing me like that, Teehee asks me anxiously.
「Ray... Did something happen? You're really scared.」
「...I don't really understand, but... um... something bad is happening...」
I can't tell her what I saw, so I'm not sure what to say.
Something bad? What do you mean?
“I think... this town is under attack.”
”No...Tippy, I'm scared...”
“Don’t worry, it’s far away. It should still be safe here, so calm down.”
... Okay... But what are we going to do"
「I'm..., going to check what's going on」
I was worried about the town, but more than that, I was worried about Shiona.
Even after what happened yesterday, she's still a Human who saved me.
I don't even know why she's so bitter toward Tappy when she's so nice to everyone.
I still don't understand what she meant when she said it was for my sake.
No, don't go... please... Ray...
Don't worry, Tippy. I'll come back for sure.
“Really? Really?”
Yeah, of course. So could you wait just a little longer?
If you come back, I'll be waiting for you"
Tippy hugged the teddy bear tightly.
Even so, I couldn't wipe away my anxiety from my face.
Am I unable to do anything for this girl's sadness and anxiety?
With those dark feelings in my heart, I leave the library.
I decided to use the back roads as much as possible on the way to town.
What's happening in town is obviously not good.
There's a risk that I'll be harmed if they find me.
I head to the plaza as quietly as possible.
I wanted to get there before the formation, but I had to take the detour, so I couldn't do that.
The closer we get to the center of the town, the more broken buildings come into view.
But they were all buildings that didn't look like they were going to break down yesterday.
I wonder if the strangers chasing after the people in that town destroyed it.
A cloud of dust drifted across the town, which had been beautiful until yesterday.
Why did they have to destroy this peaceful town?
I just can't accept that.
As the screams and the noise that destroyed the building grew louder, I arrived at the truth.
――The tragedy that took place in the plaza.
Many men chased and captured the townspeople.
She was pointing a gun at me, and using unjust violence as a shield, driving men, women, and even children into a corner.
The townspeople are sitting in the center of the plaza.
A crying child.A voiceless angry voice.
Wherever the wind blows those voices, the armed men have cool faces.
, cool down might be a strange way of putting it."
She didn't seem interested in it at all. She looked like she was glancing at a stone on the road.
I can't see Shiona anywhere.Maybe I should assume she hasn't been captured yet......
”--What's the situation?”
”--We've apprehended most of the residents. It's only a matter of time before they're left.”
I overheard two men talking nearby.
I slowly approach them so that they don't notice me.
「How about water and food?」
「We've saved up enough. We've found an underground water source for the water.」
「I see, so it turned out to be more productive than I expected.」
Yeah, it's possible to settle down like this"
I'm sure of it.
That these men were Humans who attacked the town and robbed it of food and water.
I couldn't forgive their unreasonableness.
I can't believe he's hurting innocent people just for the sake of looting.
But I couldn't do anything more.
I can't even run away from that place.
I knew better than anyone that I was powerless.
But how did you find such a small town"
”--There was a slave man who ran away the other day.”
「If I recall correctly, she advocated coexistence with the Phyloys......」
「Indeed. He is a fool imprisoned in the ideals of the old age. Coexistence and harmony with the Phyroids. Such useless thoughts in this world.」
Coexistence and harmony......
Those words reminded me of a young man.
I saved her, and brought her to this town... And then, she passed away. Those were her last words.
In other words, these Humans were the ones who inflicted such wounds on her.
That's why I treated her like a firoid, and let her live as a labor force.
That's right. If I chased after her to bring her back, it would have been useful in an unexpected way.
One of the men continued in a monotone voice.
A Human appeared to save that man, and showed him the way to town"
Hearing those words, I felt a chill run down my spine.
Why didn’t I think about the cause of that young man’s injury?
I'd heard from Shiona that there was a group of plunderers......
If I had paid more attention to my surroundings, I might have been able to avoid being followed.
I regret taking such an easy action on the spur of the moment.
I'm the one who brought about this attack.
We've gathered the town's leaders in one place. There will be no resistance"
I see. In that case, select the type that can't be produced or managed. The factors that will decrease productivity are―"
Saying that, the man pulls his gun out of his pocket.
“Put it away.”
「---stop iiit!」
As soon as I understood the meaning of those words, I screamed.
, I couldn't help but scream at the Humans who were so easily disposal of the townspeople who helped me."
Then, the men who were there turned around.
And then, her eyes.
「Secure him.」
With that voice, the men rushed over to me.
I started running in a panic.
But my body can't keep up with my feelings.
My legs didn't turn well, and I lost my balance as I ran away.
The men immediately came up behind me.
Her movements are as precise as a machine's.
This is bad, I'll get caught at this rate.
I ran into an alleyway.
The back-alley is covered in mud due to the rain.
I run through while my legs are taken.
Every once in a while, she would knock down the wood leaning against the wall and try to slow the men down.
But that's not enough to slow me down.
I realized that the men were closing in right behind me.
Will I be able to escape like this...?
I was aiming for the library.
Even if we do manage to escape to the library, they'll find out about Tippy.
If Tippy gets attacked...
I changed my toes.
She runs into the back door of the building closest to her.
It happened to be Mad's general store.
I searched for a place to hide――
「!?」
I see a figure sitting in a chair.
Mud-san didn't answer. She was sitting in the chair with her arms crossed, just like she did after turning the projector.
「Mad-san, you can hear me, can't you!? Please stop joking at a time like this, Mad-sa――Mad-san?」
At the last moment, I swallowed my scream.
The moment I put my hand on his shoulder, he quietly crumples from his chair. It's as if he's already gone.
“Wh-Why?!”
(Has those men ‘disposed’ of him? But there are no external wounds.)
「I've found the target.」
Ironically, it was the voices of the men who had chased after me, who had made me realize my sanity as I fell into a panic.
But it was too late.
「I'll eliminate the labor force for now.」
Unable to deal with anything, I jump back from Mad-san in a hurry, the men stepping in, and the man at the front point their guns at me 
Ray"
After that, several things happened at the same time.
Gunshots resounded, making a dry sound.
And then, as if to protect me, a silhouette slides in front of me――
「Shh――」
It took me a while to grasp the situation.
The man stood in front of me, as if to protect me.
That person just turns around and looks at me.
He looked at me with the same smile as always.
A few seconds later...
「Shionaaaaa!」
I scream with a pure white head.
Seeing that, my body unconsciously began to move.
She knocks down one of the shelves with her glove-covered arm. It's a chain reaction, knocking down all the shelves and scattering more minute bits of dust all over the place.
At the same time, she picked up the can on the floor and threw it at the window with all her might.
The men reacted to the sound of the windowpane breaking.
「Did she escape through the window?」
Let's go after her"
The men rushed out through the open door.
“There they go.”
As for me, right next to the fallen shelves, I was crouching motionlessly on the floor, half of my body still submerged from the impact.
While holding her in my arms so that the shelf and shards wouldn't touch her.
「Shionah, Shionah, hang in there!」
I frantically shake her closed eyes.
It looked like she had fainted.
I look over at Shiona's body, but I don't see any wounds.
(Maybe the bullets didn't hit him. But since he's unconscious, I can't say he's okay.)
Anyway, we have to evacuate for now.
There's only one place I can do that...
I take a deep breath and remember.
About the girl who had been waiting in the library.
I went through the back alley and returned to the library without being spotted by Humans.
It was quite a handicap to keep Shion on my back, but it passed through the destroyed building over and over again.
During that time, Shiona didn't move at all. It was a burden to bear, but at the same time, it made me even more anxious.
If something were to happen to Shion... I arrived at the library, despite being crushed by that fear.
The clouds covering the sky darkened the color even further.
Having finally arrived at the library, I searched for Tippy.
is tippy all right?
At present, there was no format of being ransacked by the library.
There's no sign of anyone entering.
When we passed through the entrance, the building was tinged with silence.
Feeling relief in my chest, I weave through the shelves searching for her.
But no matter how much I searched, I couldn't find her.
(Maybe...)
As if to dispel my unpleasant thoughts, I frantically searched the area.
(Maybe...)
Relying on hope, I headed to the lobby.
I try going around the back.
There was a little trembling tippy covering her ears and eyes.
I reach out for her small body.
”Tippy, I'm back.”
Tippy's shoulders bounce slightly.
But when she acknowledges me, she hugs me with all her might.
“Welcome back. I knew it, Ray.”
She pressed her large teardrops against my chest.
Her body was trembling.
Ahh, I've made her uneasy again.
I rub her back with my hand.
”Don't worry... We'll never be apart again.”
Perhaps relieved by those words, the trembling on tippy's body subsides, and eventually stops.
「What happened? What's wrong, Shiona?」
Tippy looks at Shiona with her eyes still closed,and asks uneasily.
I told her the truth without hiding anything.
She was shot. To protect me... It doesn't look like she's injured, but she's unconscious...
「Show me right away!」
With the most agile movements I've ever seen, Tippy lays her down on the floor as if to pick her up.
「Ray's looking away, so he can see your wounds.」
「Ah, yeah......I-Is Shiona hurt!?」
「I don't know. But I'm going to do it.」
I quickly turn around as I see Tappy putting her hands on Shion's clothes.
Soon after――
“...It’s all right... It wasn’t there, Ray.”
Tippy's tone was back to normal.
I quietly turn around.
Shiona's breathing calmly on the floor of the lobby.
I thought she was shot to protect me, but it looks like she just fainted from the gunshot at point-blank range.
Thank goodness...
I let out a deep sigh of relief.
ray, why was shiona shot?
The Humans have arrived. And they've started looting in this town. They've destroyed buildings and―"
I didn't tell her that I was trying to ❛dispose the people in the town, or that mud-san might have already been ❛disposed. 
「And when I was about to be found and shot, Shiona protected me――」
I reflexively clench my fist. Tippy looks at me sadly,
―I see. But if that's the case... this place might be dangerous too.
She answered meekly.
I wonder if we'll be able to make it through if we hide... somehow, until the Humans leave"
Tippy shook her head sadly, as if to stop me.
The Humans have found this city. The town where you can live. That's why I'm coming here"
「No way... They're going to live here...?」
This is a town"
The town... That's right.
I walked along the barren land until I got here.
There was no food, no water, and death was always by my side.
Those Humans must have traveled through a world like that.
If that's the case, this 'town' is a paradise I've never wished for.
But... why would you do something like that? The people of this town would accept it.
「It's for the sake of us living.」
To think that I could do anything for that... It's wrong to sacrifice someone!
...Ray, I'm scared"
”Ah, sorry. I didn't mean to scare you...”
I let go of my clenched fist and patted the tippy on the head to reassure her.
For now, let's think about Tippy and Shiona.
If I stay in town like this, I'll put these two in danger as well.
I really want to help everyone in town. But I can't do it right now. I don't have the power or the wisdom to do that.
I'll freeze the emotions I learned from Shion and the townsfolk, mechanically......and make the most efficient choice.
Let's go somewhere quiet for now.
「Tippie, let's leave town for now. We'll think of a way to save the people of this town.」
My chest tightens as I say that.
That's because I put my life on the line.
In front of me, I chose the life I could reach.
I'm sure that's a shameful thing. Even though the weight of life is equal......I'm still trying to choose......
Yeah, I think that's a good idea"
The nod of a little girl lightens my guilt.
Let's hide in that abandoned factory for now. There shouldn't be anything Humans would want there"
「Then we need to prepare Ray's and Shiona's food...」
“Yeah. It’d be nice if we could stop by the church somehow.”
The library and church are on the opposite side of the town square.
Even if I try to make a big detour out of town, I won't be able to stop myself from being shot where there's no cover. And on top of that, I'll be carrying Shiona.
If that's the case, then I'll have to pass under the rubble while moving forward. This time it'll be even more difficult, since I'm with Tippy...
I explained it to Tee hee in as simple a way as possible.
“Is it hard to go to the capital?”
Yeah... For now"
Then, just go through with it"
...Did I"
Yeah, I did. I'm going to go through the jimen to Kyokai"
「Yeah, chika. If it were, no one would find it.」
「Underground...underground, huh...but how?」
We can just go inside the manhoo-ru and pass through the town"
...I see.
In that case, I should be able to go to the church without being spotted.
”That's a great idea, Tippy! You're amazing, aren't you?”
Ehehe... Ray praised me.
But, I wonder where the manholes are located in the city"
「Hmm... Ray, come here.」
Tippy takes my hand and guides me to the bookshelf.
I arrived in front of a certain bookshelf without hesitation.
「Excuse me.」
I pick up the book that Tippy's pointing at and open it.
Inside was a map of the manhole and its sewers.
”That's amazing, Tee-pee! With this, we can get to the church without any problems.”
「Thank you... Ray.」
Tippy's eyes narrow as she pats her head.
”All right, Tippy. Let's get going.”
Yeah... But wait. I'll do it, so just wait a little longer"
Yeah, sure"
Thank you, Ray.
Tippy bows and disappears into the back room.
Tippy said there was no problem,but I'm still worried about her not regaining consciousness.
Perhaps Humans didn't fire guns that fired bullets, but weapons that robbed their bodies of freedom.
If we can figure out the cause, we can figure out how to deal with it.
I didn't know unknown circumstances could be this terrifying.
Sorry for the wait, Ray. What's up"
Tippy came back from the back room.
「No, it's nothing. I was just worried about you.」
I answered as calmly as I could.
So, what are you going to take"
Tippy said she'd come prepared.She was holding a large bag.
Give me... a plushie... and... a real one"
I see. So it's important to you"
Also... Papa and Mama's chin.
Teehee said sadly.
Pictures of parents who would never come back.
I don't understand how Teddy feels when he looks at that picture.
Umm, then what's this?
Apart from the large bag,Tippy held a thin but firm metal bag in her hand.It felt a little too rough for a small Tippy.
「We'll... talk later. More importantly, Ray, let's go.」
Ah, yeah...
I carry Shion lying on the floor with my help.Strangely, I don't feel its weight.
”We're ready, Tippy.”
Okay, then... Bye-bye.
Tippy said goodbye to the countless bookshelves.
Her voice sounded somewhat sad.
I still haven't healed this girl's sadness at all.
But I haven't given up.
We'll be together forever from now on.
Little by little, as we spend time together.
i want to heal tippy's sorrow.
And one day, I want to see her smile from the bottom of her heart.
That was my secret wish right now.
Okay, let's go"
”--Okay.”
Even so, without complaining,Tippy came with me.
When we arrived at the church, we were very tired.
There was no sign of Humans around.
We carefully look around as we enter the church.
The chapel was dead silent.
It was quiet, as if the uproar in this town was a lie.
I found a music box on the altar in the back of the chapel.
I wonder if Shion was listening to that sound here?
The sound of my footsteps towards the music box echoes loudly throughout the chapel.
I approached the altar and reached for the music box.
I turn the wheel, and a melody emerges from inside.
That melody warms the depths of my heart.
――Suddenly, I heard a singing voice.
It came from behind me.
Welcome back"
Saying that, she gets off my back.
”That's fine. Does it hurt anywhere? Tee hee said he's fine...”
Yeah, I think I'm fine"
Shiona smiles to reassure me. Then, she looks at the Tippy next to her.
”So...you're here, too, Tappy.”
「Yeah――」
She nods sadly, as usual. And yet, she looks prepared for something.
「Shiona......」
Tippy points her hand in the direction of Shiona and holds back her words.
I understand... I understand, but...!
Shiona hangs her head as if trying to endure something.
「――Shiona.」
On the other hand, Tippy was just being gentle...
Those words were far too unexpected.Shiona held her breath and gazed into Tippy's small eyes.
「I realized something while I was with Ray. What Shiona's trying to do.」
But then――
That's part of it. That's why I'm here. I can't go to the library anymore. ...This town, too"
”I'm sorry, Tappy...”
「It's fine. You don't have to be Shiona.」
Tippy gently hugs Shiona as she falls to her knees and jumps into Tippy's chest.
It was as if Tippy had always felt like an older sister.
「Ray, what do we do now?」
I hastily come back to my senses at the words of Tappy.
「If Shiona's okay, then I want to help the people in town. Especially the people who were told to get rid of her――」
A lot"
「Yeah...」
That was a terrible way to say it......A way of saying I didn't see the same Human as a Human.
Can Ray do it?
I don't know―but I can't just stand by and watch someone who looks like they're going to be killed in front of me.
But Ray's in danger.
Yeah, I know that, but...
There's nothing I can do about it, even if I challenge them head-on.
I'm sure they won't even be able to talk.
I promise. If things get even a little dangerous, I'll definitely turn back.
Absolutely. If Ray gets hurt, everything will be lost.
「Yeah. I can't leave Shion behind either.」
「Ray...」
「Shiona――」
With that, we let go of each other as if repelling a magnet.
”I-I'm sorry! It's not like I forgot about you!”
「It's not fair, only for you......」
The tip of her mouth slightly curved as she said that.
”I'm sorry, Tippy. I didn't mean to...”
While apologizing to her, I gently pat her on the head.
Hm... But that's not it"
Despite saying that, her expression wasn't bad at all.
First, Shiona laughs at the situation―then we both smile.
And so, we laughed together.
The three of us hold hands without anyone in particular noticing.
We firmly grasp each other's hands so that we'll never be separated again.
And then, before that determination wavers, I declare it.
From now on, we'll always be together. Forever and ever"
But, as if to mock me...
Footsteps echo in the distance.
Shiona's smile, and Tippy's smile stiffen.
I'm sure I'm tense, too.
All the people in the town are being held captive.
So the one heading to the church right now is...
Without a doubt, it was a Human.
I was the first one to move. I looked out the window without making a sound.
There was only one silhouette.However, she didn't know how many people would come after her.
「Shionah, tippy, go deep inside the chapel. Bend over as much as you can so you can't be seen from the outside.」
“Sure, but wouldn't it be better to lock the door first?”
No. If we do that, we'll definitely be called for backup. If we do that, we won't have a chance of winning.
I want to neutralize that Human as quietly as possible.
She thought she could do something about it if it was just one person.If it was two people, she could do something about it if she made a surprise attack.
But, if there were more than three of them――I didn't tell Shion or Tippie, but I was planning to be arrested.
I stand behind the door, hiding my footsteps. In the meantime, I hear footsteps approaching.
There's only one of them.Nothing will follow.
”Zzz...”
I quietly take a deep breath and prepare myself.
I hold my breath. The footsteps... are right next to me.
The door slowly opened.
Then, a man with a gun slowly entered.
Now!
At that moment, I swung my arm down from my blind spot.
I immediately kick the gun off the floor.
At the same time, I dodged the attack with my foot.
We're still so close that we're practically glued to each other.
It's safe to assume that she has weapons other than guns as well.
In that case, if I jump at the moment when I reach for it, I’ll feel empty.
However, the man quietly tilted his head and looked at me.
“What do you think you're doing?”
She asks in a monotone voice.
“Why do you oppose us? Do you own this town?”
Owner? I just want to do what's best for the people of this town.
「You speak like a firoid.」
...Then what... That's the reason I exist.
While saying that, I take off the glove in my right hand and show off my mechanical hand.
It wouldn't be a good idea to fight me head on with my machine body.
She might back off if I make her think so.
For now, all I need is to ensure the safety of Shiona and Tippie. Even if they find out who I am, I'll protect what I want to protect.
That's my role as a phylloyd.
The man cocked his head at my actions again.
What are you talking about? Firoids can't act in combat at all. After all, they're designed to obey orders so that they can't disobey Humans"
Eh"
“Either way, you are an incompatible person who is bound by the ideas of the old days. I shall eliminate you before you become a threat.”
The tip was aimed straight at her throat.
I grabbed the blade of the knife with my machine's right hand. Then, I put strength into it and twisted it greatly.
Just from that, the blade of the knife snaps from the base.
I push her down with all my body weight. I place the elbow of my left arm against her throat and seal her legs with my knees.
「Ray!」
Shiona comes running out of the room.
I said, while holding the other person's throat with my left hand and raising my bare metal right hand.
It's a metal arm that can break a knife. If I swing it down at my head with all my might, I won't be safe.
ray, stop.
Shiona pleads in a shaky voice.
――But...
Gritting my teeth, I swing my right hand down with all my might.
My right hand was partially sunken.
Not on the man's head, but on the floor right beside him.
”Why let me live? Killing me is the right choice for our safety.”
The man says so with an expressionless face.
“That’s not true. Killing for any reason is wrong.”
Impossible. Such inefficient thinking"
「I'm going to take you hostage. I'm going to release the people of this town.」
I grab her by the collar and pull her up.
“That is meaningless. My life is worthless. There is no reason to regret it if dying now will open the future for my people.”
The man takes something out of his pocket without changing his tone at all.
It was an old-fashioned bomb. As soon as I pulled the safety pin, it grabbed my arm.
「Wha!?」
I quickly pull on her arm, but it doesn't budge.
I shudder.
Why doesn't this Human show emotion, even though he's about to take his own life?
It was as if the color of her eyes, which couldn't see her will, was binding my body.
It's no use! If I stop thinking, it's all over!
I instantly switch gears and start analyzing the situation.
The man was carrying a bomb the size of a small fruit.
However, as long as it's a bomb, it should be able to kill or wound people, and most of all, it's feared that Humans who live in the city will be noticed by the explosion.
when, when will it explode?
She's probably planning on self-destructing. We don't have much time.
But what should we do? If the scale of the explosion is too large, Shion and the others will be harmed.
It's impossible to neutralize this bomb, so how can we minimize its effectiveness?
I reflexively hug the man. In the form of a bomb.
If I do this, I might at least be able to protect Shion and the others from the blast. It might be incomplete, but it's the best choice I can make.
At least let's--
The next moment, a shock came.
From the side. It feels like I'm being pushed......no, no, I'm being pushed!
I roll on the floor and look at where I'm standing.
Shiona was there, holding a bomb.
「Shiona!」
Get down"
The bomb she's holding explodes with a loud light.
The explosion wasn't that big because it wasn't meant to kill or injure people.
Even so, at point-blank range, I felt dizzy from the sound of the explosion.
Humans at point-blank range were unconscious as well.
「Shiona!」
I scream in my wavering vision.
Please, be safe.
「Shiona!?」
...Ray"
「Shio...na...」
「Shiona, treat him immediately!」
The distance between us felt really long.
I slap my staggering leg as I walk up to her.
That's where I saw it.
“What... is this?”
I'm speechless when I see Shion.
The right arm that's thrown out on the floor... and beyond that wrist... is a metal frame?
It wasn't a bone. Definitely not. It was clearly different from a Human's.
And――nothing.
That’s strange.
What should have been there wasn't there.
Red.
It's proof of being Human.
「Wh...wh...why」
B, but...
I grasp the right hand of my machine, which is covered with gloves.
Yes, if it was the same......it would've been better if it was the same......
「Shiona, uh... are you okay?」
「Yeah, I can handle this much.」
There's no way that's true.
That can't be possible.
She was hit by an explosion at such close range.
There's no way she'll be okay.
I'm sure it hurt so much that I can't help but cry.
And yet...
So why?
「Ray, your head's... better than mine.」
I follow Shion's gaze and put my hand on my head.
――Aaah, I wonder why.
Why do I have what Shion needs?
I don’t need this.
I don't need this, so I wanted you to meet Shiona.
No, it should have been.
Shiona touches my head.
You're bleeding. Are you okay?
Blood was flowing from my head.
It’s red.
Red blood.
It hasn't flowed to the Phyroids....
In contrast, not even a drop of blood flows from Shiona's arm.
Instead, I can see the exposed machine parts.
This can only mean one thing.
(That's...)
「......Ray? It's big, but are you okay―― Shiona!? Ray!?」
Tippy came out from the back and screamed.
Tears well up in her eyes as she looks worried.
“You two, I have to fix your wounds!”
It's okay... I'm fine...
I gently embrace the panicking Tippy.
Having been hugged, Tippy's expression of relief spreads a little across my face.
But it’s unstable.
Just looking at it makes my heart ache.
Ray... Oh no, I can't stay here any longer...
Tippy spoke in a shaky voice.Shiona nodded as well.
It's true that with that explosion just now, other Humans would definitely come.
There were a lot of things I wanted to ask.
There were a lot of things I wanted to confirm.
But now, she swallowed it.
”...Let's go. Let's leave town.”
We leave the church with the bare minimum of luggage.
Then, following the instructions of Tippy, he escaped via the back roads of the town and headed for the abandoned factory.
That's when I realized...
I was the only one... who felt heavy from fatigue.
Tippy guides me along, and I continue walking with Shiona leading me by the hand.
After arriving at the abandoned factory, I finally sat down on the ground.
I catch my breath beside Shiona, who's making a cool face.
”Tippy, I'm going to go get some water.”
The little girl glances at Shiona and disappears into the back of the abandoned factory.
She probably entrusted Shion with all the details.
「...Shiona.」
Shiona smiles back at my voice, looking a little troubled.
I'm sure you've already noticed, but I'm... no. All the people living in this town are firoids.
That's... what I was trying to look away from.
I had a hunch......that something was wrong......but I didn't want to admit it......
So... I'm a Human"
When my head was damaged, a red liquid leaked out from the damaged part.
It was very similar to the 『blood』 flowing into a Human's body.
There's no way it'd flow, since the Phyloids don't have that kind of liquid on board.
You've always misunderstood because of your mechanical arm... It's a medical-use artificial part that compensates for the limbs you lost in an accident or something.
No way... Then I really...
That's right, you're Human. You're the creator and partner of us, the Fyroids. That's you. The people in this town are all Fyroids. You're the only Human"
「I see...」
I stared at the glove-covered machine's right hand and frailly gripped it.
I'd never thought of her that way before......
Shiona's a firoid......and I'm Human......
――In other words, I'm a Human who should hate myself.
I felt something in my heart.
That feeling was painful.
It was sad.
it's so annoying.
That cold-hearted, merciless, evil being was all I could think of.
My chest hurts like hell.
The fact that I can't change makes me angry.
What the man said earlier was right.
I'm a Human, not a Fyroid.
And the Humans, the rulers of this city, were trying to do terrible things to the people of the ruled town of Phyloyd No, they were probably already doing it.
How did it end up like this?
I just wanted to live with Shion and the others and the people of this town.
I just wanted to make everyone happy.
But, but, but...
I can't do that.
Because I'm a Human.
That's because I'm one of the helpless creatures.
I felt a warmth in my clenched fist.
When I look down, I see Shion's hand on top of mine.
The temperature is man-made.
But it had nothing to do with me.
...It’s warm.
That alone lessens the burden on my heart.
But at the same time, it made me realize my own incompetence.
I wonder if I have the right to show her kindness.
”Do you want to know more about yourselves?”
Shiona turns to me with a smile.
Are you Humans"
Yes, Human. Do you want to know about our partner"
If I could find out, I would.
So I nodded.
I want to know... I want to know how we ended up like this.
「Rei, do you remember the picture of Tappy in the library?」
Yeah, I remember"
「You see, I draw that picture every day. Every day, at any time, every day.」
I close my eyes and recall that scene.
There were dozens, hundreds of crayons drawn on it.
”How many do you think there are?”
「I don't know......if you were a phylloyd, you'd have painted for years...there must be a thousand of them.」
86,671"
80,000――
Again, a strong dizziness assaulted me. But it wasn't because of the explosion or the bleeding that followed.
Have you spent such a long time alone in a dark library?
There shouldn't have been many people coming to the library.
That must have been a lonely life.
Thinking back on the time that Tappy spent there, it felt like her footing was going to disappear.
That's what Tippy's been putting up with.
With that small body.
Several decades after that, we, the Fyroids, were born. The Humans wanted us to--"
Shiona taught me the history of the Fyroids as if singing a song.
First of all, the androids, which had reached the practical stage, were equipped with Human emotions.
It adopts a system in which basic emotional information is stored from the beginning and new emotions are learned through self-reliable thinking.
Including that, it could be said that they were extremely close to Humans.
Therefore, she could become extremely close to Humans, not only at work, but also in daily life.
Eventually, companies with custom-made emotions and memories appeared, and unprecedented firoid booms came.
A time has come in which families who can't have children buy their children's firoids, and those who have lost parents or children order their memories of them.
In the blink of an eye, the number of filoids had increased, and in just a few decades, a number that rivalled the population of Humans had been produced.
Among them, the most groundbreaking one was the one called 『love』, which contained the most complex emotions of Humans.
She had the ability to support herself as her life partner.
You can obtain someone you love without having to go through the process of love, and that love is half-permanently guaranteed.
In society, where the number of Humans who prioritized work over love was increasing as late marriage progressed, the demand was great, and they were accepted with applause.
However, the families that had married with the Floyds did not have children, which accelerated the declining birthrate.
And the decline of children creates a shortage of marriage partners, and creates a loop in which the number of firoids is increasing.
And before I knew it, Humans had forgotten how to nurture love"
Shiona smiles sadly.
Human children came to be born artificially, using science. However, Humans who lost love couldn't teach love to their newborns"
Love was the cause of all emotions.
Because of love, I can feel the joy of being able to touch someone.
Because of love, I know what I want to protect, and I feel anger when it hurts me.
Because of love, I feel sadness when I lose something precious.
It's because of love... that we share the same feelings, share them, and discover our joys.
However... I forgot about that.
The Humans who had come to the town were probably those kind of Humans.
Humans who forgot their 'emotions' along with love lost even the heart to care for others.
Humans no longer need love, and they've started to feel alienated by the existence of emotion-filled firoids.
There's just too much waste when it comes to efficiency.
Before long, Humans began to think that firoids should be machines.
To go to a harsh environment......to work with danger......to abuse beyond the limits of their specifications......
However, there were some Humans who didn't approve of that.
Humans who left behind feelings of love appealed.Fyroids were partners.
The world divided into two.
Humans with love, and Humans without.
And the Humans who didn't have it came to a conclusion.
That the ideology of the old generation should be annihilated....
I didn't even hesitate to press the button on the weapon that was burning the ground.
It was all too early.
Retaliation called for retaliation. It didn't even take five days for the world to be engulfed in flames and ash.
The poisoned earth, the black clouds blocking the sunlight, and the sea that cannot dampen life.
The history of Humans will end with their own hands...
That was a far too stupid choice.
We, who were born for the sake of Humans, stole the most important thing for Humans"
That's not true... It's all our fault, Humans"
But you know, there were a lot of Humans who survived. No matter how worn out the world gets, life never stops walking"
I can't find the words to respond to Shiona's gentle voice.
... Ahem. Ahh, ahhh, ahhh.
Suddenly, Shiona begins her vocal exercises.
And then, she turned right in front of me, when 
Nice to meet you. I am Alice mk-17, made by Asou International. Are you registered yet? If you are, please choose my unit name. It's the first name I can give you. Please be careful"
――I was taken by surprise.
I've never seen her like this before......that's about it, but this is the first time I've seen her so bright and innocent.
“Were you surprised?”
Shiona returns to her usual self and asks.
Y, yeah...
「That was the oldest memory I have.」
I wonder when it happened. I can't imagine it at all.
Back then, every day was like a festival... It was really lively"
Saying that, Shiona shows me a newspaper clipping and a piece of paper.
The World Musician Dies"
The photo on it is the same as the one in the photo frame in Shiona's room.
She had a face like mine.
Is this... your brother"
“Yeah, this story was a long time ago. ...I’m the latest model among the manufactured phylloids. The fifth generation, I think.”
wonder how Shiona feels about calling herself manufactured"
Fyroids have the same emotions as Humans.
In other words, it's the same as being Human.
Is it really that simple?
In my generation, the concept of 'death' is the first model to ever be introduced. To get as close to Humans as possible. But the models before me don't have it... Mad-san or Tappy-chan do. Neither of them can understand 'death'. It's pointless to explain. The day will never come when they'll understand"
To wait without knowing death.
That's hope, but it's hope that's never rewarded.
The despair of hope.
She thrusts it at me without resistance.
If she was going to thrust that thing at me, wouldn't it have been better if she had taught me despair from the beginning?
I thought it would be better that way.
Tippie-chan, you're the older model... I believe you're a second-generation firoid. Up until the second generation, you can't get energy out of food. That's why you're running on electricity. However, there's a limit to how long the battery can run. As a backup battery, you have that teddy bear"
Come to think of it, Tippy always had a stuffed animal in her hand whenever she moved.
I hadn't noticed at all that it was a battery.
But there was one thing that made sense.
that tippy was in that library the whole time.
That library is the only one in town with a power generation system.
Tippy stayed in that place to continue her activities.
「Tippy's parents passed away a long time ago. Probably over 200 years ago. But since she doesn't have a concept of death, she's waiting for you. She's always, always alone.」
What a tragic story!
I don't know how long Phyloys live, but that's how Tippy's lived for hundreds of years.
While shedding tears day after day.
A future that shouldn't come ......I'm trapped by hope that won't come true.
In that one and only library.
Looks like there's a lead ball in her chest.
Painful and painful.
But the more I think about it, the deeper it falls into my heart.
But, even though I know, it's painful"
And Shiona is aware of her death. In other words, she can't even hope to see her again.
「You saw Mad-san collapsed at the general store, didn't you?」
“Yeah... It was strange. It was as if my soul disappeared without any external wounds.”
I can tell now. The mud-san at that time was already broken.
But we have to live like this. Until the day we die――until the day we break. To us, who aren't sick, that's an eternity. But that's why we're Humans. If we don't, it'll be too sad, won't it? We'll take over the work our partners were doing and do the job for us... Just like Humans do, we'll turn the world around. So that this Human world will never stop spinning"
mud ran a general store.
Photographers, bars, and shops lined up all over town.
It was all thanks to Phyloyd's efforts.
It was the efforts of the Fyroids, who tried to protect the Human world.
It was the last hope of the remaining Fyroids.
When Humans come back, we'll spend every day talking about that happy world, so that we can return it"
Shiona smiles.
Emotions that never fit the current situation.
Shiona was protecting herself with that smile.
I could see the sadness in her smile.
“...But we are defective as well. If something is too much for us to bear, only some emotion will come forth. I’m like this, Mad-san is always mad, and Tippie-chan is always sad.”
But Shiona continues.
That's our final bastion. If that emotion disappears, we'll be destroyed. We'll die"
「Then, when Shiona was shot, the mud-san was――」
Yeah. He didn't go on a trip. After you showed him that movie, Mad--no, he stopped moving"
「So, you're the one who closed the cafe――Shiona?」
Yeah. If you didn't, the townsfolk would've had their doubts, but you did, didn't you"
”Well, that's true...”
If the shop had been open, I would have definitely entered the store and found Mad.
If Humans hadn't shown up, they probably wouldn't have noticed.
In the end, I wasn't mistaken.
I didn't want to believe it, but that was the truth.
Onii-chan told me that 'emotions are the pieces of a puzzle called life.' Emotions are the pieces that bind life together. If one lacks emotion, all the pieces will fall apart. It's the same for Humans and Filoids. Mad-san's anger towards her son has been dispelled, and it broke"
If that's the case, then I'm the one who killed Mad.
I found a reproduction device on my own, and showed my son's movie to Mad-san without permission.
If only that hadn't happened, Mud-san would still be moving.
She must have sensed how I felt, as she moves around to the left and places her hand on mine.
Don't worry, it's not Ray's fault. Sooner or later, we're doomed to become like that. Just like Humans can't escape death. I'm sure mud-san was happy. He finally learned his son's true feelings"
That may be true, but"
A feeling of helplessness welled up inside me.
If I had known that, I would have forced myself to stop her.
You're so kind, Ray"
That's not true...
Shiona stood next to me.
I can't see Shiona's expression.
Anxiety hits my chest from the inside.
But even if I knew, I still wished for it. I thought I'd see that smile again someday"
Shiona smiles sadly as she looks down at the picture of her brother.
That's why I was so happy when I first met you, Ray. Yeah, it was a dream after all. Onii-chan said you were alive.
To die.
Whether I knew it or not, it was painful for both of us.
It was built to be good for Humans, forced on their families, and left only the pain of death behind.
Selfish and disgusting.
That's what we Humans are.
You feel lonely because you've lost your family. That's why if you act like you're family, you'll die. That doesn't mean I don't want you to say that to Ray. There's a rule that we, the Floyds, mustn't act in a way that makes us 'realize that we're firoids.' That would destroy Human dreams. But, I must have overdone it... I'm sorry"
A sweet fragrance wafts through the air as she bows.
It's true that what Shion did can't be forgiven.
But, considering how Shion feels, it's clear that this is the most appropriate method.
「It can't be helped. Shiona's just following the rules. She's not at fault.」
To forgive someone, to forgive someone.
Apologizing, and apologizing.
Cry, get angry, smile.
That's what it means to be Human.
Those women, who were firoids, knew that better than anyone.
Thank you for telling me, Shiona. For being so nice to a Human like me――
I'm sorry, as a Human.
I can't believe I'm repaying the favors I've given to these devout Floyds.
Even as we speak, Humans may be 'disposing' of Phyloids in the city.
And, it seemed that Phyloyd wouldn't be able to resist.
I couldn't hide the pain in my chest.
Shiona gently reaches out and embraces me.
A warm warmth envelopes me.
Isn't it obvious? Humans and firoids are partners, both in the past and in the present. The future is decided that way too"
I feel like that's the emotion I didn't understand until the very end.
It’s warm, wide, deep, strong, kind, soft, big, and precious.
Humans had lost a lot of things.
However, as far as Humans had forgotten, they remembered.
Years, decades, hundreds of years.
Even though they endured solitude, they continued to protect us.
I feel like I have to inherit that and protect her in the same way.
That wasn't an obligation or an order.
It's what I've always wanted.
I'm home. There's a beautiful water"
As I share my body heat with Shiona, I hear a voice from behind.
Feeling embarrassed for some reason, I quickly take a step back from her.
The warmth of my skin is taken away by the air.
But the gap is filled with a new warmth.
When I look, I see Tippy wedged between me and Shiona.
”Tippy, you too--tighten up.”
Shiona and I look at each other.
It seems that Shiona entrusts her decision to me.
Tippy has lived alone for two hundred years.
If things continue like this, I'm sure Tippy will be able to live forever without breaking.
But, is that happiness?
Is an empty life worth living?
I embrace Shiona.
The tippy that was standing between us.
Shion embraces me in the same way.
She pulls us closer and mutters softly.
It's warm...
It was the first warmth in 200 years.
Tippy had been waiting for two hundred years for such a trifle.
It was a very sad time....
If I could give her 200 years' worth of warmth, I'd definitely want to give it to her.
If I do that, I think I can say that the time I've been waiting for you isn't a waste.
「What are you going to do now, Ray?」
Shiona asks me while holding her from behind.
If possible... I want to help everyone in town, but... I don't think that's possible right now.
I feel bad for the townsfolk, but I don't have that power.
First of all, I want to secure the safety of both Shiona and Tippie.
It's a little far, but let's go to the factory where I woke up.
No, that wasn't a factory.
A world where people can’t live anymore because of the war, and a facility where they sleep until the soiled earth becomes even a little better.
I... I woke up a little late.
「There's still electricity there. Shiona and I can take it orally, so we can manage it if we bring food from the town. But in your case, we have to charge it.」
「Shiona......」
She must've noticed just from those words.Tippy raised her voice.
Yeah, that's right... Sorry"
No. I thought it was about time I told you"
With a somewhat sad, yet slightly stiff expression,Tippy continued.
”I need to do what I can for you, too... Now's my chance.”
”...Tippy?”
Shiona must have caught on to something, as she asks Tippy a question.
The three of us will survive"
Those were unfounded words.
There's no guarantee or anything.
Even so, I couldn't do anything but continue those words.
The three of us will live on together forever"
It was just an ideal.
I know that the world isn't so easy as to live on ideals alone.
I'm sure Shiona feels the same way.
Even so, Shiona doesn't pose any questions to me.
Anxiety and discontent.
All of those words were sealed away.
I'm sure they're all filling my heart.
In fact, those emotions were violating my heart.
Even so, it was necessary.
Words of hope.
...Yeah"
Shiona nods and pulls us closer.
And so, we began our journey to the facility.
So this is the town...
Seeing the wasteland before her eyes, Tippy held the teddy bear to her chest.
”Is the scenery different from what you know?”
Yeah. The last time I saw it, it was filled with honey, and then... and then"
The scenery that Tippy told me about made the days like those of a festival that Shiona told me about grow even larger.
At that time, Humans seemed to be able to freely manipulate not just the town, but nature, phyloids, and even the weather.
In that case... By the time I started operating, Humans had already started to decline"
Shiona looks a little lonely. The dusty wind blows her clothes up.
Okay, let's go!
With a bit of food and a spare battery for Tippy, we started walking through the wilderness to survive.
And above all, to survive.
I struggle, I struggle, I survive.
I struggle, I struggle, and I live.
As long as I'm alive, that's all I need.
It was worth it just to live.
That's what I truly thought.
With the position of the sun faintly visible through the dark clouds as a landmark, I walk through my memories.
As the sun sets and the temperature falls, the three of us fall asleep, shoulder to shoulder.
Sometimes we sing, sometimes we encourage each other, sometimes we play....
I'll continue my journey that isn't just painful.
By the time we crossed the reddish-brown ground and reached our destination, three whole days had passed, and the sun had begun to set.
The building is half-buried in the sand... This means we can't find it. To think there's still equipment like this left...
When we went inside, a faint light lit up, and the air conditioning began to operate with a faint sound.
When I woke up, the inside of the room hadn't changed in the slightest. For now, I'll put away all the parts of Phyllod that Shion and Tippie would find unpleasant.
I'm sure these floyds were protecting us humans, who were in a cold sleep.
「Yaaay, you're gonna sit meee.」
Tippy dashed off and sat down on the sofa.
As soon as she sat down, strength left her body.
Looks like I made her overdo it.
... This place is kinda cold"
「It was originally a facility for cold-sleeping.」
Even though it was indoors, it was a little colder than outside.
If the air conditioning is running, I'd like to think it still has the function to raise the temperature inside the facility.
But I don't know where it is.
I hope it's some kind of heating device...
「This is what I should do. ray, sit next to you.」
Like this"
“I'll do it more!”
“L-Like this?”
When I ask her that, Shiona looks satisfied.
Yeah, I'm fine now"
I sit down on the other side of the table where I'm glued to her.
――She's glued tightly to me, just like she did to Teehee.
Here, isn't this warm"
Y-Yeah... You're right.
It's certainly warm.It's warm, but......
”What do you think, Tippy? Are you still cold?”
Hmm... It's warm.
Tippy narrows her eyes and snuggles up to my arm.
Warm? Really? That's great"
Yeah, it's warm... It's really warm, Ray. It's almost like...
It's like... what's wrong"
When you're like this, you're like a family"
......"
”Tippy's mommy and daddy used to play nice with him.”
Yeah. It's warm, just like back then"
... You're right, it's warm"
”...Hey, can you hold me again? Tightly?”
I almost hugged her without thinking, but when I felt Shiona's sad gaze, my hand stopped.
”Tippy, I can't do that.”
”Why not? Why don't you hug me?”
「Yes, that's right. After all, we're not family, Tippie-chan.」
”I'm not a pedophile...Tippie, are you all alone?”
Yes. No matter how long we're together, I'm alone. I can't change that"
To pick up the words,it was cold,as if she didn't like Tippy.
But now I know.
Those words were filled with kindness.
The only emotion left in Tippy.
――Sadness.
Filling Tippy's heart means releasing her from her sadness....
In other words, it's like dying.
Up until now, I've been holding Tippy in my arms without thinking about anything.
But that might have been too cruel a kindness.
No, maybe it wasn't even kindness.
It was nothing more than an act of self-satisfaction, to shorten the life of Tippy.
Shiona's been enduring it all this time.
To protect Tappy's sadness... And most of all, to protect her.
To be honest, I wanted to hug her.
She probably wanted to pat her head and give her gentle words.
She probably wanted to show her a smile that would turn her heart orange.
I endured the whole time, without holding out my hand to this blue girl.
That's why I thought I had to endure it too.
That's what I thought, but I couldn't stop myself.
I just couldn't leave this sad-looking girl in front of me alone.
I pull her into my arms, along with the other Shiona.
The back of my eyes became hot.
She knew this would shorten her life, so she asked herself why she couldn't stop it.
Isn't this just temporary fulfilling my desires...?
I really am Human...
She's a selfish, selfish, and hurting person.
I hug them so tight it hurts.
I embrace two people's worth of warmth.
Filling in the two hundred-year gap, we draw closer to each other's warmth.
Even in this freezing facility, three people's worth of warmth doesn't feel that cold.
It was that warm.
A melody naturally spills out from Shiona's mouth.
That song your brother wrote.
That melody lights up the warmth in my heart.
Her gentle singing echoes throughout the factory.
「Tippy, you know I love the way you sing, right?」
Tippy buries her face in my chest.
I can't stop thinking back to when Mama and Papa were there... It's kinda sad, but I can't stop myself.
The girl repeats her sadness.
Tippy's been repeating that sadness for 200 years.
Maybe I can't wipe away those two hundred years of sadness.
But I can give you this moment of warmth.
I put two hundred years' worth of love into this fleeting warmth and embraced them.
However, that small amount of time didn't last long.
”Huh...Tippy?”
I look at Tippy, who's sitting on the sofa.
There stood Tippy, staring at the ground in front of her as if she were playing dumb.
”What's wrong? Are you feeling all right?”
「Hmm? ...Hmm...」
She doesn't look well.
I don't know if it's because I've been walking for so long, or if I've been freed from the tension.
Either way, it looks like we need to rest.
「You look tired too, so let's rest for today.」
「...Y-Yeah.」
She replies a little late. She must have been thinking about something.
「Maybe it's because you don't have enough energy, Ray. Maybe that's why your attention is distracted.」
I see... Then we'll have to replenish the electricity. I wonder how we'll do that"
「It's non-contact charging. The charging stations should be the same, so we need to find a connector and store it in a teddy bear.」
Got it. If you find something like that, please check it out.
Leave it to me"
I leave the tippy on the sofa and start checking the equipment.
There were a lot of cold sleeping devices lined up. I looked for something still leaking cold air inside.
Then, I opened the maintenance lid at its base and checked the cables attached to the switchboard.
Before long, I found something like an electrical connector attached to a thick cable.
「Yeah, this one's fine. I'll borrow a teddy bear.」
Shiona borrows the teddy bear from Tippy, opens the zipper on her back, and pulls out the connector.
When I plug the charging connector in, the bear's eyes blink twice.
That must be the signal to start charging. Shiona sighs in relief.
Teddie squeezes Teddie's hand tightly. The light in her eyes seems to have grown stronger, as if that's enough to transfer power to her.
「Shiona, let's eat as well.」
I show her the oral block I found when I was looking for a charger.
It's the same thing I found on my way out of this facility.
「The taste isn't compared to Shionah's soup, but I think it's nutritious.」
No, I'm happy because I was hungry. Just being able to eat warms my heart.
I lined up the portable plates and placed the oral blocks on top of them.
Because I thought it would look like a meal if I did this.
It's times like these that make me want to treasure my daily life, even if it's just a little.
I want to trace back to what happened in that town--to what happened at Shiona's house.
「Looks good.」
Shiona smiles, as if she understands my wish.
The two of us put our hands together in front of the meal.
Tippy, who had been watching the situation, came up to us.
Then, she placed the teddy bear in front of her eyes and put her hands together, just like we did.
「I'll be with everyone.」
”Tippy...?”
「Haha, that's a great treat for you, Tippie. It's very luxurious.」
Tee hee blushed bashfully.
These past few days have been filled with hardships, but now it's time for me to relax.
I'm sure that in the distant past, we Humans lived like this with our partners called Phyloyds.
No, I should still be able to get my life back.
I lost my emotions, and just like they taught me... I should be able to get back the time I'd forgotten...
That's what I was thinking as I brought the remaining oral block to my mouth.
At that moment...
『Warning. Main batteries are over 90% worn-out. Please replace them immediately.』
Suddenly, in a businesslike tone,Tippy said something like that.
『We're requesting an online exchange to the service center――The service center is offline. Repeating attempt. ――The service center is offline. Repeat attempt.――The service center is offline. Repeat attempt......』
「Shiona, this is――!」
「I don't know much about it, but I can't recharge your battery.」
“I couldn't recharge...”
Was the voltage different? No, it shouldn't be a problem, since it's via a teddy bear.
Does that mean there's a problem with the battery?
If there's a possibility......it must be aging.Now that I think about it, it's been in operation for over 200 years.
It wouldn't be strange if she was completely exhausted.
Maybe we need a new battery...
”New batteries...?! And in your generation, you couldn't replace a new battery unless it was disassembled by a skilled engineer!”
「No way...」
Cold sweat runs down my back.
In other words, Tippy will cease activity at this rate No, will she die?
“But we came all the way here...!”
”It's fine... I already knew.”
All we can do is stare like we've been struck by lightning at Tamper's voice, which has returned to its usual tone.
”Tippy, did you know this would happen to you--”
Yeah... I knew this would happen from the moment we left the library. I noticed the battery charging rate had been dropping for 6427 days"
Tippy answered while smiling weakly.
More importantly, I need to do what I can for you... Can you bring me the metal bag that Ray and Teehee were carrying?
”O-Okay!”
She'd been holding a slim, yet somewhat rugged metal bag ever since the time Tippy left the library.She held it in her arms,and carried it in front of her.
Tippy casually placed one hand in the middle of her bag.That alone unlocked two locks on the handle.
There was a single blackboard inside. It was probably a slightly larger book. But it was much thinner than that, and only half the size of a short book.
Timmy carefully takes it out with both hands and slowly turns to me.
Ray, put your palm here. It's not a machine.
Like this"
I place my non-prosthetic hand on top of the blackboard. And then...
A flowing man's voice resounds from the blackboard.
「The current management, Voltex Corporation's MSK-3737, Dorothy, unit name, 'Tippy,' approves the operation. Please continue your registration process.」
『Confirmed. Registration applicant, please state your name to identify the individual.』
「Uh... Ray.」
『Understood. I have registered Ray as a new supervisor. Please receive an oral instruction regarding the instructions from the current supervisor.』
After saying that, the blackboard goes silent.
”Tippy, that was...”
「All the books in the library have been digitized. It's the backup data for Teddy's memories.」
She seems a little tired――but at the same time, she seems to have accomplished something. That's what she answers.
I remember the handwritten books lined up in the library.
I remembered every single word that was written there without making a mistake.
So that book was written by Terry after all.
Even if I do end up stopping......no, if I do end up stopping, I'll be able to keep a record of prehistoric civilization as a book.
That place wasn't the library.Tippy was the very picture of the library.
Just like before, put your hand on the center of the board. That way, the tablet――the board will start glowing. After that, you can use the manager's voice recognition function to access all the data...
「Well then――」
I activate the tablet as instructed. I place the palm of my hand as instructed.
『Biometrix confirmed. Administrator ray authenticated. Which data would you like to load?』
「Manual! How to fix a firoid...umm, how to replace a battery!」
『Beginning search......there are 3,955 items, 124,751 types of information on how to repair a Fyroid.I recommend you narrow it down.』
among them, the Voltex Corporation's MSK-37 Dorothy 」"
『Searching......confirmed.』
The tablet's surface glows brightly, and letters emerge.
『It's almost impossible for users to repair it. Please rest until the staff from the service center arrives.』
My vision went dark.
How's it going"
Yeah, it's moving... but"
That tablet... only moves... a dozen more times"
It's more than enough time for me, but it's not that long for a library's management system, is it?
Is it really okay for me to use it?
”Why don't you use it? You won't be able to hold out much longer...”
”That's not true! You've been helping me all this time, haven't you?!”
When I fixed Shiona's music box, and when I fixed Mad's projector, all of that happened because Teddy had memorized the library's books and taught me.
I'm so happy to hear you say that, Ray. Here, use this from now on...
Tippy, sitting on the sofa, slowly lies down.
”Tippy!”
”Tippy!”
i've been waiting for 200 years.
I can't let it end here.
The tippy's small mouth moves up and down.
She seems to be saying something, but her voice is so quiet that it doesn't reach my ears.
I bring my ear closer to her mouth.
”Hey, Ray...Tippy, that was fun.”
She places her hand on mine.
It was a small, soft hand.
「Ray's my dad, and Shion's my mom... They're both kind, loving family.」
No matter how coldly I treated her, no matter how much I pushed her away, I couldn't hide my true feelings.
tippy knew.
How much we cared about her.
It's already been decided that this will happen to Teddy from the moment he got involved.
There's nothing I can do about it.
Being alone all this time was the only way for you to live.
But that's impossible, isn't it?
tippy has feelings.
We're not so perfect that we can overlook our sadness.
No, I wouldn't call that perfect.
It's because we can feel sadness that we're allowed to have emotions.
Slowly.
As if a handkerchief had sunk into the water,Tippy closed her eyes.
Even though they're the firoids we created, they can't even be saved.
It can only be created, and there's nothing else I can do.
Humans really are selfish creatures.
「Hey, Shiona......」
Tippy's eyelids slowly opened again.But the light had already disappeared from her eyes.She probably couldn't see it anymore.
”I'm here... I'm here, Tippy...”
Shiona's voice trembles slightly.
「Thank goodness... Right, Shiona?」
Hmm..."
「Thank you for everything. You did your best to make sure you didn't break, right?」
「As I'm sure you've already noticed, it's been over two hundred years since you first started operating......but you've lived for over 150 years. That's why this isn't Shion's or Rei's fault. It's the least we can do......」
When Tappy left the library and came to the church, Shiona apologized to her, and Tappy forgave her.
So that's what she meant...
So, please. Shiona, don't cry... Sing... Sing...
Yeah... Yeah—"
「Tippy......I love......Shiona's song.」
Shiona began to sing. She would occasionally sob and go crazy. And yet, Shion continued to sing. With that melody...
Thank you... so much...
The tippy smiles and then stops moving.
My hands tremble.
And that's not all.
My whole body was trembling.
Just now, on my lap, another small life came to an end.
If you ask me, that might not be life.
But to me, it was an irreplaceable life.
Shiona quietly continues singing.
She was no longer in a bad mood. She was no different from usual――or so she thought, but her song had a clear ring to it.
That's the melody I dedicate to Tee hee.
Something hot flows down my cheek.
It flew down her chin and landed on her cheek.
Even though Tippy wasn't crying, it looked like she was crying.
I hugged her close.
Her small body will never move again.
She no longer spoke.
She no longer had to paint.
is death"
A warmth spread through my head.
Shiona embraces me.
My eyes grow hot in an instant.
It's an unbearable, uncontrollable pain, uncontrollable pain... and unbearable sadness.
I shed tears for the first time in my life.
Tears for Tippy...
After that, our lives changed drastically.
The e-book terminal that Teddy entrusted me with, where all the library books are stored.
Because of what was once called a tablet, my knowledge of it increased rapidly.
How to grow crops, a house that can be built with only stone and mud, how to predict the weather, and so many animals and plants that can no longer be seen.
Moreover, a database of newspapers from the past 350 years, until the library ceased to function.
If I search, I'm sure I'll be able to find out more about myself.
「Are you studying today, Ray?」
Yeah. There's a lot of things I have to remember"
What kind of book are you reading today"
”Survival--a way to survive in any environment.”
There wasn't that much power in the cold-sleep facility. But if there was, it had to be able to withstand a certain amount of minute electric power.
The provision of drinking water using morning dew and night dew has already begun, and the problem of securing drinking water, which was the weakest in this facility, has been greatly improved.
That’s right. From here on, I can’t move forward with just physical strength and physical strength.
What we're going to need is knowledge. With knowledge, we can stand up against a large number of people on our own, and we can avoid them without facing them in the first place――Or, we can even win.
It might even be possible to save the townspeople.
I devoured the 'power' that Tippy left me with.
While I was reading a book, Shion was singing beside Tippy, who had stopped moving.
Among the things I've taken out of town is a music box belonging to Shion's brother.
Occasionally, instead of singing, she turned the steering wheel to play the music box's gentle melody.
It was a very calm and relaxing time.
With my current knowledge, I should be able to live here with Shion forever.
That's why... I didn't notice.
Something's wrong with her body......
ray, dinner's ready.
As always, Shiona smiles and prepares meals for me.
Dissolving the oral block with water, it was like a soup.
It's very similar to the orange, fluffy soup that Shiona always makes in town.
“Thank you. This soup cheers me up.”
I'm happy to hear you say that. My heart is turning orange.
「But there's not much of your soup, Shiona.」
The amount of soup in the bowl is less than half as large as mine.
「I'm a phylloyd, so this much should be enough if I switch to save mode.」
Really"
Yeah. That's why you need to eat properly. You don't feel better when you're hungry, right?
Yeah... Why didn't I notice?
By that time......her function as a firoid had already deteriorated......
With half my energy, it was operating only to a certain extent.
As usual, I read books, and Shiona sings for me.
While tracing the tablet's surface with my fingertips, I pondered how to release the townspeople.
Suddenly, the rhythm of the song stopped.
When I look up, wondering what's going on, I see Shiona holding her mouth shut.
The music box in my hand also stopped.
「Shiona......? What's wrong?」
Um... No, it's nothing. I was just singing"
She said, and took a deep breath.
And then, she started singing again 
”Huh...? What was that sound?”
「Shio...na...?」
Ahahah... That's weird. I loved that song so much. Just wait a second, I'll remember it in no time"
Shiona closed her eyes and tried to sing from where she had hung up many times.
However, the investigation that flows out of her mouth is completely different from what I know.
What's wrong? I can't remember your song"
「Shiona!? Is there anything wrong with your body!?」
I was such an idiot. In the end, I only cared about myself.
I was treated kindly, cared deeply for, satisfied by that, and depended on her... I didn't think about her.
When I left town, I was caught up in an explosion that made me lose my arm's artificial skin.
「Shiona! You were seriously injured during that explosion!」
After thinking for a while, Shion shakes her head.
That was fine, yeah"
Shiona Fyroids don't lie.
But when I think about Humans, I try to hide my words.
She said she was fine, so there was no damage from getting caught up in the explosion.
she had said That was"
「......Shiona. Can you show me your condition?」
...Yeah"
At my urging, Shion hesitates for a moment, then nods.
I tried to avert my eyes out of embarrassment at the suddenness, but what was there wouldn't take my eyes off it.
The white, elastic chest of Shiona's.
There was a small hole there.
”Well...”
Forgetting that it's a woman's body, I approach the wound.
It's a gunshot wound.
I immediately remembered the time when he protected me from Humans at Mad-san's shop.
“You... hit me...”
I was wondering if you'd be okay, but it doesn't look like it"
Shiona sticks her tongue out and smiles like a spoiled child.
I know that smile is meant to prevent me from feeling guilty.
Even at a time like this, she's still thinking about me.
...Ugh, search! MODA-177 Alice mk-17 Maintenance Manual"
The tablet glows faintly in response to my voice.
But Shiona covers the screen with her hand. She slowly shakes her head.
With a smile on her face.
「It's my own body. I know it better than anyone.」
”But... there might be a way! If only you'd told me sooner...”
No, there's a reason I didn't tell you.
Shiona knew that she was suffering a fatal wound that wouldn't heal.
Even if I struggle, that won't change the reality of it.
It's repulsive to put it into words.
word death came to my head."
No matter how much I don't want to think about it, it just pops into my head.
I know. I'm going to die soon. Is it better to say break because I'm a phyloid"
No, Shiona.
you don't break.
I'm going to die.
Ahaha, I think I'm a little out of it. I can't move...
She suddenly drops her shoulders, and then collapses onto the floor.
「Shiona!」
I hastily catch it and pick it up in my arms so that it's as comfortable as possible.
How long has it been like this?
Why didn't I notice...?
Break... Does that mean I won't be me anymore...? But can I fix it...?
「It's okay......Shiona is Shiona...」
Ahaha... Umm, right now... I'm a little scared...
「Shiona......Shiona......u......」
「Don't cry, Ray. If you do that, Tippie-chan's gonna laugh at you.」
Shiona's hand reaches out to my cheek.
It was my second tear that she brushed off with her fingertips.
「I don't want you to turn blue, Ray. I want you to always be soft and orange.」
Sad.
An unbelievable sadness welled up inside me.
It multiplyes infinitely in my mind, and I don't know if it'll stop.
As time passed, that sadness became deeper and deeper.
Why am I sad?
That answer came up immediately.
Because it's important.
She was very important to me.
Even if the same firoid appeared before my eyes, that would be meaningless.
It's good that they look different.
As long as it's you inside.
Rei... I thought of you as family. I thought you looked like Onii-chan, but that wasn't all. I thought you were important to me"
family.
Even though there's no profit in it, they can believe in each other and help each other free of charge.
's love"
Before I knew it, the feelings I wanted.
Before I knew it, I'd realized that feeling.
I've always......been given this.
It's a natural emotion to have while walking with someone.
What's wrong, Ray? Don't look so sad... That's right, let's sing. We'll go to the plaza again... and make everyone happy.
「...Shiona...?」
I made a promise with everyone. Rei smiled for everyone. He made me feel happy.
Those are memories of when we were happy. Memories of our happy days in town.
Most likely, it was the murky memory area.
But......
... Yeah, let's sing. Everyone's looking forward to it"
I turned the handle on the music box on the floor.
The melody begins to play quietly.
Shiona smiles and closes her eyes, then starts singing.
I close my eyes and listen to her.
It's not a long time, but the scene of the town I spent my time in.
The people walking along the street stop and turn around.
One by one, people gather in the plaza.
Children, the elderly, someone's mother, and her husband, all smiles at the people of the town.
In order to get drunk on the melody that Shion sings.
I'm sure that scene was natural in the distant past.
Humans and floyds had nothing to do with each other, but they had smiles on their faces and spent their time cuddling together.
It's a natural thing that we've forgotten......and lost......
Hey, Ray... keep smiling forever, okay?
...Yeah"
「It's okay to be sad, it's okay to be angry...... But..., after that, smile」
Hey... If love has a shape, then it must be round. Love never hurts anyone.
I hold back my tears and smile.
Hey... If love has a temperature, I'm sure it'll be warm. After all, love warms you up by wrapping you up.
Yeah... I'm sure of it"
「Because of love, Ray's not sad. Love is something she protects, and she won't hurt you. I promise. No matter what happens from now on, our love will protect you.」
I shed too much tears, and felt pain in my eyes.
My vision distorts.
But I can clearly see Shiona's smile.
So don't cry. Love will always be by your side. Love is eternal. You don't have to cry. After all, it's eternal.
I place my hand on top of hers.
It's warm, but I don't have much strength left.
It's like something's spilling out from between my hands.
I knew what was spilling out.
But I didn't want to admit it.
I gripped her hand tightly, hoping it wouldn't spill out.
I heard a song.
It's a warm melody that Shion always used to sing.
It went into the crevices of my mind, which had begun to darken, and filled with warmth.
I'm sorry for leaving you all alone again"
”--! That's not true. That's not true!”
I wanted to scratch my own head.
I finally realized.
It's not that Shiona was afraid of being broken. She was afraid of me being alone again.
「I've...... received a lot...... from Shiona......!」
「Ray?」
I take Shiona's machine hand in Human's.
That's right. Until I met Shiona, I couldn't be a Human or a Phyloid.
Shiona was able to stay close to me, and I became a Human.
「I'll always be with you, not just one more. Joy, sadness, anger......everything you've given me. I won't forget it.」
Aaah......it's no use, I have to laugh here.
I have to reassure her, but my feelings won't allow it......
No matter how hard I try, the tears well up in my eyes.
「So don't look so sad, Shiona. I'll be fine. I'll definitely be fine.」
I see... That's good to hear.
Shiona nods in satisfaction.
「Huh...?」
Shiona narrows her eyes in confusion. As if being pushed out of her eyelids, transparent drops begin to cover her eyes.
I'm sure that's not it...
I say that with a trembling voice, smiling as if to reassure her.
Now that I've become a Human, I know what those tears mean.
Shiona smiles back at me, as if she's noticed right away.
”Tears... even flow when you're happy, don't they?”
The strength slowly leaves her body.
Am I smiling?
I wonder if I can smile so that Shion won't be worried.
”...See you later.”
“...Yeah, see you.”
...Hmph.
Shiona closes her eyes.
At that moment, Shiona had the most beautiful face I'd ever seen.
After that, Shiona stopped opening her eyes.
Her gentle face looked like she was smiling.
As if praying for my happiness.
But there's no such thing as happiness in a world without Shiona.
The life I'm about to lead is the very life of hell itself.
Will I be able to endure it?
...No, I have to endure it.
My chest tightens so much it hurts.
All my emotions creak as they run through my body.
Is my heart this fragile and weak?
Losing someone important to me is so painful and painful.
“Uahh... Aahhh!”
My vision was stained pure white, and I cried out and lamented, as if to destroy that world.
「Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa...!」
Shiona says.
It's true that Shion's love may be eternal.
But I couldn't bear it.
I know, this is emotion.
What Shiona gave me.
This pain, this sadness.
But that wasn't all.
The warmth still lingers in my chest, and I can proudly say that it was fun.
It's all from Shiona.
Both are mine now.
I'll never let go of either of them.
How much time had passed.
How long does it take Humans to sort out their feelings?
I... I remembered the time I met Shion over and over again.
About the meal we ate together.
When we woke up in the morning and exchanged greetings.
We went shopping together.
I went to an abandoned factory and made them worry.
When the music box was fixed, she was very happy.
Singing a song in the town square, and being surrounded by smiles.
I made a promise...
I feel her warmth.
I learned of joy.
There were times when I felt anger.
I shed tears of sorrow once.
And then......she gave me love.
No......everything was love.
This tragedy was caused by the foolishness of us Humans, who had lost that love.
Humans are helplessly selfish.
We're repeating the same thing......
Even so, she would probably need someone.
This is my instinct. When I woke up here, I wanted to see Humans.
It's an instinct to want to walk alongside someone, seeking love.
I didn't even notice something that simple...
I look at the cold sleeping device in front of me.
There were still several of them that were functioning normally, and I had Shiona and Tippie lie down on each of them.
It was originally meant for Humans, but with this, it should be possible to reduce age degradation a little.
I wanted to leave them behind, even if it was just a little.
I muttered in front of the pair, who looked like they were sleeping.
Shiona, Tippie... I'm going.
She didn't reply.
There can't be.
But I continued.
I'm going on a journey now. It's not a journey without a goal, so don't worry. I'm going to find a world where Humans and Floyd coexist"
That was also the wish that the Human young man, who had been removed from the world, had spoken of.
If there was a world in which Humans and Floyd could coexist, such sadness wouldn't occur.
As long as there's a world where Humans and Floyd can coexist, there's no greater joy.
That's why I'm going to go look for her now.
”And if it weren't for that world...”
I clenched my fist with my bare hands.
――No, there has to be. The worlds you all tried to leave for us Humans definitely exist"
It will be extremely difficult to find it.
but i have the knowledge that tippy gave me.
And I have the feelings that Shiona gave me.
this world, there's a partner who continues to convey love"
That's why the journey from here on isn't a journey of despair.
I'll borrow this. I'll return it to you someday"
I'm holding Shion's brother's music box.
I turn the wheel in front of the sleeping Shion and make the melody of peace resound.
I thought I heard her singing in time with the melody.
Well then, I'm off"
A world in which Humans and Firoids can hold hands――
I took that first step.
Even so, I stayed happy and continued to reach both arms toward the light.
“Are you awake?”
“...Where... am I...?”
”You just woke up from a long slumber. Do you know your name?”
My name is...
this is asou international's moda 117 alice mk17. the unit is not named.
「Looks like the settings have been reset. We can just stay Alice for now.」
The man in front of me held out an old wooden box.
「What's this...?」
”It was put inside the device you were sleeping with.”
I took the box. It felt very nostalgic.
When I open the lid, I see a dull golden disc. When I turn the handle on the side of the box, a clear sound begins to play.
The metal comb gently bounces as a beautiful melody flows through the air.
It's been played for a long time"
A melody that wasn't in my records.
And yet, I feel so nostalgic, so warm, and warm inside my chest.
And at the same time...
Something hot spills from my eyes.
We've confirmed the out-of-control emotion functions. Maintenance may be necessary.
“No, there is no need for that. You should treasure those feelings. ...I still have my knowledge, but it took me a long time to recover the technique to make use of it.”
The man spoke to me gently.
There was a familiar expression on her face.
It's not in the records ......my memories......
「Anyway, let's go home after we're done with the general maintenance.」
“Where to?”
It's a town"
It was bright outside the facility.
The sky is blue and high above. White clouds drift slowly, drawing shapes.
The warm air filled her artificial heart and lungs.A gentle breeze gently caressed her hair.
It was a natural scene.
For some reason, I feel nostalgic about this natural world.
And... for some reason, I felt very sad.
We ride down the paved road.
The scenery from the window is beautiful.
The greenery was growing thickly.
On the surface of a beautiful stream, a small fish jumped.
Birds are chirping as they fly in the sky.
「Okay, we're here.」
We arrive at a town surrounded by white walls.
There were a lot of people there.
Humans and firoids took each other's hands as they spent their daily lives.
My eyes grow hot again at the sight.
I'm sorry, but there's still the possibility that your emotional functions will go out of control. Your chest rhythm pattern is abnormal.
It's fine. I'm sure that's the right thing to do"
「Really? In that case, am I a defective product?」
No, it's normal. You're closer to a Human than any firoid"
Those words made me very happy as a firoid.
But I don't understand why she's saying that.
I gazed at the nostalgic town.
In the corner of the plaza, Human children and child-shaped firoids were playing happily.
That's a photo shop. The owner of that store is taking pictures of Human families with a smile.
In the sundries far away, Humans were shopping, and the Phyloys' owner was treating them unsociablely.
「Welcome back, Sensei.」
A very cute girl, Fyroid, ran up to me.
「Hey, I'm home. Be a good girl, Dorothy.」
「Yeah! I did a lot of work while you were gone, Sensei. Here.」
With a big smile, the little girl showed me a picture she probably drew.
The townspeople formed a circle and laughed.
The crayon painting was so warm, just looking at it warmed my heart.
It was a painting that made everyone happy.
Huh? You're...
The girl looks up at me.
「Nice to meet you. I'm Alice. Nice to meet you.」
「Alice...? Hello, Alice. Dorothy's name is Dorothy because she hasn't been treated very well.」
Yeah, I feel the same way"
An unregistered Fyroid.Since she didn't have a main partner,what should she do?
Perhaps sensing my anxiety, the man beside me tapped me on the shoulder.
「What do you want to do?」
”What can I do...?”
「Would you like to hear it, Alice?」
Yeah, this is great"
Dorothy closed her eyes and began singing.
It was a bit clumsy, but I had heard that song before.
It's a song that's been sung for a long time. There's no one in the world who doesn't know it"
The man took out a music box from the car.
I opened the lid and turned the handle sticking out from the side of the box.
A clear sound was played, and a gentle melody began to play.
As if drawn to that melody, the people in the town gathered.
Everyone listened to the sound with gentle expressions.
I know this scene.
Her pure white memory region Her memories, breathing a little deeper than that, gently hit her chest.
My mouth moves on its own.
That song, which she should have been singing for the first time, felt familiar to her throat, lips... and her heart.
The melody of the music box filling the plaza was very nostalgic.
Wow, it's really pretty. I'm so happy"
Yeah, this song... is very important to me"