----The air moves.
The bluish-white light that had enveloped me until then was fading away.
Before long, I saw a dingy ceiling.
The right arm extending toward that place was a little different from the left arm that was also outstretched.
My right arm is made of exposed mechanical parts from the wrist down.
Her fingers moved smoothly, but every time, the sound of scraping metal rang out softly.
Next, I slowly sat up.
That told me that the source of the bluish-white light in my field of vision earlier was an elliptical lid with a gentle curve.
Looks like I was sleeping inside this capsule-shaped thing.
I wonder where we are.
I wonder who I am.
Why am I here?
Even if I asked myself, I couldn't find the answer.
Even if I tried to go back through my memories, all I had were memories of pale light.
I decided to get out of the capsule and parade around the room in search of clues to my memory.
Even though she knew about the act of walking, the act itself must have been a long time, because her legs were unsteady.
Taking care not to fall over, I slowly walked forward.
The air in the air was lukewarm, and dust clung to my throat every time I breathed air into my lungs.
The light outside shone through the hole in the ceiling, exposing the dust in the air along the line.
Most likely, there hadn’t been anyone in this building for quite a while
A thin layer of dust spreads at my feet.
What was this place to do?
Countless oval capsules dotted the spacious room.
Most of them are open.
It's empty.
Even though there were things that were occasionally closed, there was nothing inside.
Looks like I'm the only one in this room.
—No, to be precise, that wasn’t it.
There are people who exist by leaning against an elliptical object or lying on the floor.
But that's wrong.
To be precise, it wasn't a person.
It would be more accurate to call it a humanoid object.
The humanoid object had mechanical parts peeking out from under its skin.
Machine parts from the neck up.
The machine's arms are bare.
The lower half of her body had been torn off, and the mechanical part was visible.
That was when I remembered something about that humanoid object.
Human partners, made for Humans.
Not only her five senses, but her emotions as well. She's the closest thing to a Human.
I reached out to Phyllod, who was no longer active.
The exposed hand that wasn’t covered in skin bore a striking resemblance to my right hand.
This is a factory.
I was built here.
...However, the facility must have been abandoned just before it was completed for some reason.
I stared at the machine’s right hand before it was covered in artificial skin and concluded that it was probably the most likely possibility.
Understanding my own existence, I started walking toward the wall.
There was an old automatic door, and right next to it was an LCD panel labeled CLOSE, covered in dust
I try touching it with my mechanical hand.
The moment I felt something cold, like electricity, at my bloodless fingertips, it displayed {OPEN} and opened the door.
Will I be able to get out of here?
I wonder if someone's still in this facility.
I wanted to see you.
I wanted to see Humans.
Let's go look for my partner.
I pushed open the door leading outside.
To prove that I exist.
When I got home, I headed straight for the living room.
There's a broken music box.
I unraveled the books I’d borrowed from the library and studied their structure.
Just as I thought, the gears inside were on.
That's why no matter how much I turn the handle, the disc won't turn and the sound won't flow.
...But what should I do with these gears?
Would it be possible to make it according to the size described in the book? No, it would be impossible.
Still unable to come up with an answer, I proceed to the page of the book.
At the end of the volume was a list of products by manufacturer, as well as a list of the parts used
As I skimmed through it, my eyes fell on a certain spot.
What we learned there was that the manufacturer making this music box was making clocks.
If that's the case, the precise parts might be using the same thing as the clock.
Suddenly, I remember what I destroyed at Mud-san's shop.
That clock... If you throw it away without using it...
If I use the gears and other parts inside the clock, I might be able to fix the music box.
「Ray, what are you doing?」
Shiona entered the living room at the same time I saw the possibility of repairs.
「Shiona, listen. The music box might be fixed using the clock parts from Mud-san's shop.」
「Really? Really?」
Shiona wore an even happier smile than usual.
From his expression, she could tell that Shiona was happy.
「But don't push yourself too hard. Even without a music box, you can still sing.」
Shiona picked up the music box and began to sing.
That song she was singing in the chapel.
There's something nostalgic about that song.
That song that warms the depths of my heart.
As Shiona gazed lovingly at the music box, my resolve grew stronger.
I want to fix this music box.
And I want Shiona to be happy.
That thought swelled inside me.
「I'll go to Mud-san's store again tomorrow.」
I'll ask if she can give me the watch somehow.
But there was one thing that bothered me.
That means I destroyed that clock.
I apologized, but it was still hard to go anywhere.
The thought of Mud yelling at me again terrifies me.
「You know, I want to make lots of people smile with Onii-chan's song.」
As I hesitated, Shiona’s words reached me.
「This song is orange... I'm sure it can turn the hearts of all kinds of people orange. Because it was made with the wish that that would happen. Because that's Onii-chan's wish. That's why I want lots of people to hear this song. And I want to make lots of people smile. That's my wish.」
Shiona spoke as if talking to herself.
Those words give me the push I need.
Let's go to Mud's shop again tomorrow.
And I'll apologize again for breaking the clock.
Shiona's singing voice and music box made me make up my mind.
The next day, I visited Mud's shop by myself.
I couldn’t count how many times I’d thought to turn back along the way.
Every time I thought that, it was Shiona’s smile that passed.
I want to see that smile forever.
That's why I want to fix the music box.
I thought back to yesterday's decision over and over again.
What I can do for Shiona.
Steeling myself, I stepped into Mud's shop.
「Why are you looking down on me?」
A moment later, Mud's low voice rained down like distant thunder.
I wanted to run away right away, but I didn't.
「I wanted to apologize more properly for yesterday.」
「You mean the clock? I already apologized for that.」
「Shiona was there at the time... so I thought I'd apologize to her by myself.」
「I don't need that. Just go home.」
「I can't do that. I'm really sorry for breaking the clock yesterday.」
「No matter how much you apologize, your watch is still broken. Go home.」
「I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.」
With my head still bowed, I kept apologizing.
How much time had passed?
Eventually, Mud-san's soft voice reaches me.
「...Raise your head.」
I do as she says and find Mud's somewhat exasperated face there.
「Geez... What a bastard. He's so persistent.」
「I'm sorry...」
「Don't apologize anymore. I'll beat you to a pulp!」
She says that, but there doesn't seem to be as much anger there as yesterday.
I thought I heard a small sigh.
「You're done here, right? Hurry up and go home.」
「Umm... I have a favor to ask.」
「A request? You've got some nerve asking me for help.」
His legs flinched from the intimidation, but Shiona’s words gave him a push.
「Could you... give me that watch?」
「...Try saying it again.」
「Umm... Give me the watch from yesterday――」
「Don't mess with meeeeeeeeeeeee!!」
I froze upright from the shock, as if a bolt of lightning had struck me directly.
「You're the one who broke it, and now you're giving it to me? Don't get cocky!」
I can't take it anymore...
Any more and...
Just as I was about to run away, a voice passed through my back.
「Wait, Mud-san. Ray just wants to fix my brother's music box.」
There was Shiona, who was supposed to be waiting at home.
Shiona entered the space between us without fear of Mud.
「My brother's music box is broken, and Ray said he'll fix it for me. That's why I just want parts. I'm really sorry for breaking the clock yesterday. So, will you forgive me?」
Shiona’s smile never left her face as she relayed the message to Mud
「Mm... mmm...」
Mud's face was bright red, but his expression softened a little.
「But I don't have that watch anymore. I threw it away. But...」
Mud turns his back to us, but he keeps moving his mouth.
「The abandoned factory on the outskirts of town was abandoned there. I don't know what happened after that.」
With that, Mud sits down facing the wall.
「Mad-san, thank you very much.」
Shiona left the shop with a bow, her smile never leaving her face.
「Th-Thank you very much...」
I bowed in the same way and left the store.
「The abandoned factory is right next to where Ray collapsed.」
As soon as we left the store, Shiona told us.
「Um, are you saying Shiona went to take out the trash?」
「That's right. There's trash gathering there from all sorts of places.」
「Are you fixing what you picked up from there and selling it here?」
「Yeah. Mud-san goes to that place a lot.」
I see. So that's why there were so many old things in the store.
They must have brought us something we could use from that place and were reusing it.
Anyway, I decided to head to the abandoned factory.
「Shiona, if you don't mind, could you show me the way there?」
「I'm sorry. Red children are supposed to come to my house today.」
She was probably referring to those girls who had been talking to Shiona yesterday.
Come to think of it, I’d promised to treat her to some soup
「But Ray, you can't be alone. I'll turn down your promise to the children.」
「No, it's okay, Shiona. Keep your promise.」
「But how do we get there?」
「I'll go to the library. I want to know more about this area, so I want to look at the map.」
「The library...」
Shiona’s expression seemed to cloud over a little.
「Huh...? No, it's nothing. ...Hey, Ray. Are you attached to Ray?」
「I don't know. I don't think she hates me. Why?」
「No, it's nothing. I'm sure there's a map of the library. Take care.」
「Yeah, I'll do that. See you later, then.」
I turned on my heel and headed for the library.
I could see Shiona's smile at that moment, and I felt like there was a hint of sadness in it.
But I don't know why.
「Ray, you came.」
Tipi was in the same place as yesterday, shedding tears in the same way.
「Yeah, I'm here. Hey, Tippy, can I ask you something?」
「Is there a map of the town in this library?」
「Yeah, I do. There's a lot of them.」
「That's good to hear. Can you show me where the map is?」
「I don't mind... but...」
There was something evasive about Tipi.
「No, that's not it... That's not it, but...」
「Will you play with me?」
Tipi’s face turned a little red.
Her sad expression didn't change, but her cheeks seemed to soften a little.
「...Dakkou? You mean the one we did yesterday?」
「Yeah... Can't I?」
「It's not bad. Come on, come here.」
「Yeah... Yeah...」
I spread my arms wide, and Tippy stood up, jumping into my chest as if somewhat hesitant.
Unlike yesterday, I ended up holding her in my arms.
But what I think is the same.
The Tippy I held in my arms was still small, soft, and felt like it might break.
「Tippi, are you okay with this?」
「Yeah, it's fine. Ray... It's warm.」
Tipi rubbed her cheek against my chest.
The gesture warmed the depths of my heart.
Could this be the feeling of love?
I want to protect this girl.
I want to stop these tears.
For a while, I held Tipi in my arms.
「Hey, stay over there like this.」
In my chest, Tippy pointed her finger at the passageway.
Holding her up, I headed in the direction indicated by her fingertip.
「Why are you here, Chizu?」
「Apparently, there's an abandoned factory near town. I wanted to go there.」
「Why are you doing this?」
「There might be the parts you're looking for there.」
「Were you there yesterday?」
「Yeah, that's right. I want to fix Shiona's music box no matter what.」
「Shiona's... I see. I hope you find her.」
Still being carried by me, Tipi went all the way to the bookshelf containing the map books without hesitation.
「Could it be that you remember which books are where?」
「Yeah, pretty much.」
「Amazing... Did someone teach you?」
「No. While I was waiting for Mom and Dad, I was alone.」
When she said the words “Dad” and “Mom,” Tippy’s eyes teared up a little.
「Umm... Is this it?」
To change the subject, I took out a map book.
I sat down on the spot and opened the book.
Just like the music box book, the map was also handwritten.
Could it be that all the books in this library are handwritten?
If that's the case, there's quite a lot of them.
Who in the world would have handwritten such a large amount of books?
It takes an endless amount of time, and I feel like I'm going to pass out.
「It's pretty worn out... How long ago was this book?」
「Umm... I don't know. It's the truth, forever and ever.」
It felt like a map from decades ago.
The building itself looks the same as the current townscape, but...
The pages are terribly faded, like spilled tea.
Some of them clung to me, and I felt like they would break if I rolled them up.
I proceed carefully through the pages.
「Ah, maybe this is it?」
I found the factory's map symbol on the north side of town.
Judging from the direction of Shiona’s house, it was likely this was the place.
「Ray... are you going to cum? Don't go...」
Tipi clung to my neck.
I patted her small back with my hand over and over.
「Don't worry, I'll come again.」
「Really? Will you really come again?」
「Yeah, of course. I promise.」
「There's no doubt about it. Come again, no matter what.」
「Yeah. Absolutely, absolutely.」
Again and again, I exchange promises with Tippy.
I wonder why.
Still, I didn't want to leave.
The desire to stay by Tipi's side forever is boiling inside me.
Hiding those feelings, I left the library.
When we entered the abandoned factory that relied on the map to get there, the smell of oxidized oil reached our noses.
This factory must have been making Phylloid arms and legs in the first place, too.
There were half-finished Phylloid arms and leg parts all over the place.
All of them were from before the artificial skin was covered, and the mechanical parts were exposed.
If you look closely, you can tell it's made the same as my right hand.
Even though I knew it was artificial, this scene was bizarre.
I used my right hand to ward off the arm that was lying on the ground.
The sad sound of metal clashing against metal echoed through the factory.
Let's come here if something bounces and breaks my body.
There's a mountain of replacement parts here.
There were a number of oil drums filled with oxidized oil lying in the back.
It was mostly oxidized, but some of it was unopened.
Even if we run out of oil, we should be able to perform maintenance here without attracting attention.
The further we went into the factory, the more the worries I had in the corner of my mind became clearer.
This abandoned factory should be an important place for me.
But I couldn't find anything important.
It was, of course, the watch that Mud had abandoned in this place.
But this factory doesn't have anything that looks like trash, let alone clocks.
Could it be that the trash is being dumped outside instead of inside the factory?
I decided to leave the factory for the time being and go around the perimeter.
When I did, I found an area behind the factory, where mechanical parts were piled high.
Machine parts, of course, but there was also a lot of trash thrown away.
This must be the town's garbage dump.
In addition to Mud-san, there should be others who are returning with something that looks usable from here.
That's what I thought as I looked up at the mountain, which was many times taller than me.
「...Now then, where is it?」
There's quite a lot of trash.
It would take a lot of effort to steadily search and find it.
But there was no other way.
I immediately decided to begin the search at my feet.
I don't know how long it took.
My sense of time was long gone.
I had moved mud-covered metal plates and waste oil-covered containers, so my hands were stained with mud.
The oil was all over my clothes, and before I knew it, there were a lot of stains on them.
After that, I crossed the carpet of garbage, swam across the river of filth, and was struck by a waterfall of scrap.
And then, I finally found it.
It was in Mud's shop.
I destroyed it yesterday.
That clock.
I pick it up and stare at the needle on the board.
Naturally, it wasn’t moving.
I try putting my ear to the main body, but there's no sound.
It's only natural, since I destroyed it.
This clock would probably never tick time again.
That fact struck me a little deep in my chest.
Softly, I hugged the clock and decided to head home.
Shiona greeted me gently.
「I'm home. There it is.」
Shiona smiled gently as I held out the spoils stained with oil.
「You're right. Thank you. Here, get changed.」
Shiona had prepared a towel and a change of clothes for me.
After wiping off the dirt and finishing changing, I headed to the living room.
Shiona welcomed me there again.
「Ray, you must be tired. Eat and rest.」
「No, I'm fine. I want to get to work right away.」
「Are you okay? I'm worried about Ray's health.」
「I'm fine. Strangely enough, I don't feel tired right now.」
「But I have to eat...」
「Yeah, I know. I'll eat it later, so eat it first.」
「...Okay, got it. Good luck.」
Shiona left the living room.
Watching her go, I began my work.
I open the book I borrowed from the library beside me.
This music box is designed so that by turning the steering wheel, gears of all sizes inside are intertwined in complex ways, and the discs turn while maintaining a certain speed.
Apparently, the faster you spin it, the faster the song gets.
I thought it was an amazing technique.
In the book, the music boxes are disassembled in order of how to put them together, starting from the reverse.
And when I compared the parts in order, I realized that the gears in the middle of it were broken.
Those that move with precision are the ones that stop moving just because a single small part is ruined.
I couldn't help but look at my right hand.
Anyway, let's find something the same size as this broken gear from the clock.
I followed suit and began to disassemble the clock.
I removed the lid and used the screwdriver to remove the screw.
When I removed the cover, the structure inside was exposed.
The gears, much more precise than the music box, meshed together in layers.
One of them, the axis of a slightly larger gear, was broken. Because of that, the parts couldn't turn.
This must be the place I destroyed yesterday.
If Mud-san threw away this watch, then there was nothing the same size as this gear.
The silver lining was that the broken gear wasn’t the size necessary for a music box.
I don't like the idea of disassembling things.
I'm destroying this clock to fix the music box, after all.
Is it because I understand what kind of existence I am?
I hesitated, but at the very least, I took the clock apart as carefully as I could.
They lined up the gears of the clock on the table, starting with the small ones, and compared them to the music box ones.
「...There it is.」
I was able to find gears of roughly the same size.
All that's left is to follow the book and transplant this into the music box.
「I think this should be fine...」
With this, the disc should work without any problems.
I put the lid back on, turned the handle, and felt it.
But the handle doesn't turn any further.
I wonder why.
I reread the book.
There's no problem with the parts or the positioning of the parts.
Twisting her head, she removed the lid again.
Then, I try turning the handle.
It's true that the gears fit perfectly.
But since it hasn't been used in a while, the oil seems to be completely dry.
That was probably the reason why the steering wheel wouldn't turn.
What should I do?
Should I go to Shiona and borrow the oil I use for cooking?
...No, that’s a problem too.
The oil used in cooking and the lubrication of gears were probably different types.
It might move at first, but it might cause a malfunction.
So what should I do...?
I suddenly looked at my right hand.
It was covered in gloves, but underneath it were exposed mechanical parts
How about using the oil in my hand?
I took off my gloves and took a good look at my right hand.
Exposed mechanical parts.
Oil is incorporated into the interior in order to move those parts smoothly.
I inserted the screwdriver into the palm near the base of my thumb.
When I removed the exterior, it was crammed full of wires, cylinders, shafts, and other mechanisms for moving mechanical hands.
One of the cylinders is filled with oil.
And it was worn off to make it easier to change the old oil.
I removed the cylinder with my left hand, and the oil filling it dribbled onto the gears of the music box.
I extend the oil with my fingertips, trying to get used to all the gears as much as possible.
Will it work?
I put the cylinder back inside my right hand and turned off the exterior.
I hid my mechanical arm with my gloves, then gingerly turned the handle.
At first it was awkward, but as I turned the wheel, the gears lubricated.
The oil must have passed through the gaps between all the gears, because the steering wheel kept turning without a scratch.
And then, that melody began to play.
「Ray, that song...!」
Shiona suddenly entered the room.
「Yeah. It's fixed, Shiona.」
「Thank you... Thank you, Ray. Thank you... I'm very, very happy.」
Shiona smiled at me like never before.
Just looking at that smile warms the depths of my heart.
And then, I realized.
Oh, this is it.
So this is the feeling of happiness.
Right now, I'm happy.
She was delighted to see Shiona’s smile.
And for the first time, I was able to feel that I was useful.
「Thank you, Ray. Thank you.」
Shiona took my hand and thanked me over and over.
As I approached her face, I felt my face grow hot.
「It's thanks to Ray's hard work that the music box was fixed. I can listen to that song again, which I've given up on. This orange song that Onii-chan wrote. This song that I love...」
「Hey, Shiona, sing. Let me hear your song.」
「Yes... Of course!」
I turned the music box's handle.
Shiona clasped her hands in front of her chest and began singing in time with the melody.
It's the song I sang when we first met.
It was the song Shiona's brother had composed.
An orange song.
I felt like I understood what she meant now.
The emotion in my heart is joy.
Shiona's song.
And then Shiona sang happily.
Just watching her fills me with joy.
More than usual, Shiona was singing that song happily.
That day, Shiona had been singing the whole time until she fell asleep
I was also listening to her singing voice and tone.
Again and again, Shiona begged me to play the song.
Shiona had been singing for so long that her arms were no longer moving
Her expression made me think.
I want to be with Shiona like this forever.
If Shiona wished for that, I could be with her forever.
But in order to do that, my identity must never be revealed.
Never, never...
That day, I made up my mind to be with Shiona forever.
The room darkened at night.
On top of the two beds lined up next to each other, Shiona spoke to me.
「Will you listen to my request?」
「You know, I want all kinds of people to hear this song. And I want to make them smile. I want to make all kinds of people happy with this song that Onii-chan wrote.」
I at least know the words.
But I didn't know what it was.
I wonder if that's a condition.
Or maybe it's an emotion?
I ruminated on the word happiness over and over in my head.
「And so, I want you to help me.」
「Help? What should I do?」
「Tomorrow, I want you to go to the plaza with me. And I want you to turn the music box.」
「So that's why you're singing, Shiona.」
「Yes, that's right. And I want as many people as possible to hear it. That orange song that Onii-chan wrote...」
「Yeah, I want to do that too. Of course I'll help.」
I heard the sound of the sheets rubbing against each other.
「What's wrong, Shiona?」
「Hey, Ray... Can we hold hands?」
I couldn’t see Shiona’s expression in the darkness.
But I felt like Shiona's face was turning red.
「Hands? With me?」
「Yeah, I want to connect with Ray... Can't I...?」
I search through my knowledge.
I know the act of holding hands.
But if it's a man and a woman of that age, what's the point...?
「No, it's fine...」
If Humans... If Shiona wanted me, I wanted to respond to her.
Fortunately, she's on my left.
I don't think it'll be a problem if it's the hand covered in artificial skin.
I reach out to the bed next to her.
In the cold room, my outstretched hand was a little chilly.
I searched for Shiona's hand in the air.
The warmth of her touch.
Shiona's hand overlapped mine.
「It's so warm, Ray.」
「Yeah... It's warm, Shiona.」
We held hands.
I intertwine my fingers with both of them.
It wasn’t just the warmth emanating from her hand—the warmth spread through her.
Is this the warmth of a Human, different from the warmth of my creation...?
「Ray... Harder.」
「...Like this...?」
「Sorry, did it hurt?」
「No... He was just stronger than I thought.」
「Are you okay with this strength?」
「Yeah... Thanks, Ray.」
We held hands all night.
We were still holding hands until morning woke us up.
The next day, the plaza was overflowing with sounds.
The melody Shiona and I started playing.
Shiona sang.
I'm spinning Shiona's brother's music box.
At first, there weren't any people around.
But as if drawn in by Shiona’s singing voice, the number of them increased.
One or two people stopped in their tracks, and soon a small circle formed around them.
The circle quickly grew larger, and in the blink of an eye, the deserted plaza had become a bustling place.
Everyone present was listening intently to Shiona’s singing
The young couple leaned closer and held each other's hands.
The old man closes his eyes, deeply moved.
The young man looks at the woman a short distance away.
The young mother and daughter smiled cheerfully.
The children were moving their bodies in time with the song.
Each of them was listening to Shiona’s song with their own feelings.
But there was one thing they had in common.
That means everyone's smiling.
Everyone smiled as they listened to Shiona sing.
I felt a warmth deep in my chest when I felt that I was cooperating with making the people here smile right now.
This is the feeling of happiness.
The emotion I felt when I saw Shiona’s smile yesterday.
This is exactly what happened.
I'm happy.
I felt my cheeks rise a little.
I'm sure I'm smiling too.
That might have looked a little clumsy.
But I don't mind.
If I could get even a little closer to Shiona, that would be enough to satisfy me.
The music box, which had just been fixed, continued to play the melody without a hitch.
The steering wheel was in good shape.
The sound flowing from the disc echoed inside the crate, amplified, and became a clear tone as it went outside.
According to Shiona, it was an orange melody.
Shiona sang in time with the melody.
I wished this time would last forever and ever.
This is the time to make people smile.
And I wanted to watch Shiona sing happily from the side, forever and ever.
My eyes suddenly turn to the library on the outskirts of the city.
Because I felt like the closed curtains swayed a little.
For a moment, I saw a small figure as well.
I know who that is.
That blue girl who's always crying.
It's Tippy.
I'm sure she's still crying.
In that solitary library...
Just thinking about it made my chest ache a little.
It was as if a spike had pierced it.
How did Tipi feel as she gazed at this circle?
The ring of smiles continues to spread.
Everyone there shared the same sentiment with a smile.
I realized that there was one person among them with a frown on his face.
Mud-san crossed her arms in anger.
He’s so out of place that he’s the only one with “anger” written all over his face.
My eyes suddenly meet with Mud-san's, who's imbued with that emotion that I don't know yet.
That's less than a second.
Mud-san immediately snorted and turned around, disappearing into the crowd.
Seeing her like that, I thought.
I want to make everyone smile.
The two of them expressed sadness and anger.
I want to make Tippy and Mud smile.
But what should I do?
As I turned the music box's handle, I continued to think about that.
After the song ended, I headed to Mud's shop by myself.
It was because I couldn't help but be curious about the frown on her face back then.
I cautiously stepped into the still-dark and ominous store.
There are no customers.
Mud is just sitting in a chair at the register.
But something's wrong.
Unlike before, she wasn't slumped back in her chair.
She was just staring at what looked like a small square chip in her hand.
Her expression was as stern as ever, but there was also a hint of loneliness in it.
「Um... Mud-san?」
When I spoke to her, Mud hid the chip in the palm of his hand in a panic.
「O-Ohhh, what do you want? Why did you come in without permission?」
「You're free to enter because it's a store...」
「Don't be ridiculous! You're such an insolent bastard to enter the store without my permission!!」
She's saying something very unreasonable.
「But if Mud-san didn't notice me coming in, he must have been really focused on that chip.」
「It's about the chip you're hiding in your palm.」
「I'm not hiding anything like that!!」
「But I saw it. If you're not hiding it, then open your palms and look inside...」
「Shut up, get out! And don't ever come back!!」
As if pushed out by her words, I was driven out of Mud-san's shop.
I came here to make Mud smile, but I ended up doing the exact opposite with it.
Shiona was waiting in front of the store.
Her smile warmed the depths of my heart a little.
「Huh? Why are you here, Shiona?」
「I was worried about where Ray was going, so I came after him.」
「I came here to make you smile, Mud-san. But I made you angry again...」
「Make Mud-san smile, huh...? That's a very difficult thing to do. So don't worry about it. Mud-san gets angry all the time.」
「But today, I felt like she was madder than usual.」
「More than usual? Did something happen?」
「I don't really get it, but I heard about the chip.」
「...A chip?」
「Yeah, it's a square chip that can fit in the palm of your hand. Mud-san's staring at it...」
I shaped the size of the chip in Mud's hand with my fingers.
Shiona’s eyes widened a little, as if she had an idea of what that chip might be.
「Did you hear about that chip?」
「That's right. Then she suddenly got angry――」
「Yeah, yeah, I see. Ray, that can't be helped.」
「Can't be helped? What do you mean?」
「That chip is Mud-san's treasure.」
「Mad-san's treasure? What's inside?」
「There should be a movie made by Mud-san's son.」
「Your son's movie? Mud's son is a movie director?」
「Yes, that's right. That said, she left this town a long time ago and hasn't come back yet.」
Shiona turned her gaze to the shop as she spoke.
She looked troubled, but her smile didn't waver... with a strange mix of two emotions.
「But why are you just staring at the chips? You should just watch a movie.」
「That's impossible. This town doesn't have the equipment to regenerate that chip.」
「In that case, Mud-san, are you staring at it because you can't see it even if you want to?」
「I'm sure you're right. She's shy, though, so she won't say it out loud.」
Just then, an idea occurred to me.
The way to make Mad-san smile when she's always frowning and angry.
「No, it's nothing. Shiona, there's somewhere I want to stop by, so go on ahead.」
「Somewhere you want to stop...?」
「Yeah, there's something I want to investigate.」
「...The library?」
I felt like Shiona had shown me a somewhat surprised expression.
I wonder if she's worried about me, since I'm still not used to the town.
「I'll make sure it's not too late.」
Trying to ease the burden on Shiona’s heart, I spoke clearly.
Shiona opened her mouth as if she wanted to say something, but then closed it.
And then, once. She lightly bites her lip for a moment, then smiles.
「...Okay. Be careful, Ray.」
I parted ways with Shiona in front of Mud’s shop and started walking through town alone.
The inside of the library was still dim, and the air was stagnant.
I headed straight through the complex, like a maze, without hesitation.
I go to the blue girl who's always crying...
「Ray, you came.」
When Tipi spotted me, she stood up and rushed over.
I gently embraced her small body.
「Yeah, I made a promise.」
「Thank you, Ray. I'm happy.」
Tipi is burying her face in my stomach.
Through her clothes, I could tell that tears were streaming down her face.
「Tippi, what were you doing?」
「It's a ghost. Come here, Ray.」
With my hand in hers, I followed her lead.
There was a sheet of drawing paper and crayon lying on the ground where Tippi had been sitting.
There is a half-drawn picture on the drawing paper.
「Did you draw this, Tipi?」
「Yeah. I'm drawing little by little.」
With that, Tippy resumed her painting work.
I peeked into the painting.
There's a picture of a singing girl and a boy spinning a music box.
「Tippi, could this be...」
「It's Ray and Shiona. They're singing in the plaza.」
Tipi really was looking at us through the curtains.
For some reason, the thought of Tipi staring at us alone made my heart ache a little.
「Ray, what's wrong? Is something wrong?」
Looking up, the girl's eyes are filled with sorrow.
I placed my hand on Tipi’s head, as if to comfort her feelings.
「Don't worry, it's nothing. It's a very good painting.」
「Yeah... Thank you. I'm happy.」
I patted her head, and she snuggled up to me in a friendly manner.
But her face is fleeting and sad...
I truly wanted to see this girl smile.
「You said you draw one each day. Do you have any other pictures?」
「Yeah, I do. Ray, come here.」
Tipi stood up, took my hand, and invited me deeper into the library.
That's where the painting was.
There were a number of pictures stuck to the low position of the wall, which Tipi must have put up herself.
「This is what happened yesterday. This is what happened last time. This is what happened last time...」
Tippy explained one thing at a time.
A picture of a young girl holding hands with a young man.
A young man and another girl visiting the girl.
And a picture of a girl crying alone.
Oh, I see.
This is Tippy's picture diary.
After that, there was a line of pictures of a girl who continued to cry by herself.
Ever since I came here, Tippy hasn't been alone anymore.
The expression on the girl’s face in the painting seemed to soften a little.
I'm sure it's Tipi's emotions themselves.
But it's still nothing more than sadness.
I wanted to make this girl smile, too.
I wonder what I can do for that.
I couldn’t think of an answer to that.
The only thing I can say for sure is that I'll be by your side like this.
「Hey, Ray. What kind of truth are you looking for today?」
With a sad expression still on her face, Tipi tugged on my sleeve and looked up at me.
「I'm looking for a device that can project images... Do you have any books that can tell that?」
「Yeah, I do. It's a little tasty from here, though.」
「Can you show me the way?」
「Yeah, it's fine. Okay.」
And so, Tippy spread her arms wide.
The teddy bear in her right hand dangled in midair.
「Give me a hand.」
I picked up Tipi.
Just like last time, she rubs her cheek against my chest.
「Over there, Ray.」
I continued to guide her to the book she was looking for.
That book is on the second floor of the library...
It's a corner of the shelf where the projectors, projectors, and other materials related to images from all over the world are gathered.
「I'm sure it's here.」
All the books lined up on the bookshelf were handwritten, just like the music box books and maps.
However, it seems there are quite a few types of projectors that use film or discs.
「What are you looking for?」
「It's a chip about this size. Can you see it?」
I make the size of Mud-san's chip with my fingers.
「Hmm... Makaku? Can't we have a kado together?」
「The corners... seemed to be missing diagonally... I think.」
I hadn't gotten a good look at her, so I couldn't say for sure.
But even though it was small, Tippy nodded.
「Are those the chips Mud-san has?」
「Yeah, it's the chip Mud-san was carrying.」
I was surprised that Tippy knew about Mud, but since he was the owner of the general store in this town, there was nothing strange about it.
Shiona knew about Mud’s chip, too, so maybe everyone in town knew about it.
And it's probably common knowledge that Mud-san is stubborn and refuses to look inside.
「Umm... In that case... here.」
Standing on tiptoe, Tippy pointed to a book that was just barely within her reach.
「That's amazing, Tippy. You really do remember where all the books are.」
「Ehehe. You complimented me.」
Tipi pressed her face against my stomach.
Patting her head, I picked up the book and checked its contents.
It looked more like an instruction manual than a book.
Mume Company-made projectors. They detailed the types of media and chips that could be regenerated.
The interior structure and wiring were carefully written down as well.
It was like a projection-type regenerator that could display the contents recorded on portable chips on screens and white walls.
If I can find this device, I can show Mud the movie on the chip.
「Thank you, Tippy. I found the information I wanted.」
「...Are you going to cum already?」
Tipi is looking up at me with a sad expression.
「...Yeah, sorry.」
「Nooo. Don't go.」
Was she trying to stop me as I was about to leave?
Tipi hugged me.
That innocent warmth shook my resolve.
But I have to go.
I want Mud to be happy right now.
Because I want to see Mud's smile.
「Tippi, I promise. I'll definitely come back tomorrow.」
「Tomorrow...? Really...?」
「Yeah, it's true. Let's hurry.」
「...Aren't you going to disappear?」
「Yeah, I won't disappear. I'll definitely come see you every day.」
「...Okay. I'll be waiting.」
Feeling a tug on my hair, I left the blue girl, Tipi, behind and left the library.
「You're here again?! What are you doing here?!」
As soon as I arrived at the store, Mud greeted me with an angry roar.
I want to run away.
I want to cover my ears.
But I didn't.
Because I wanted to grant Mud-san's wish.
「Mad-san, I have a request. Please lend me your son's chip.」
「That chip with your son's movie in it.」
「Why do I have to lend it to you? Don't be ridiculous!!」
「Please... Please.」
「Enough meddling! I'm a nuisance here!」
「I... I want to be useful to Mud-san!!」
「A role?」
As the glint in Mud's eyes sharpens even more, fear begins to set in, and my throat shrinks.
I can't put any strength into the moving parts of my knees anymore, and it also gives me a fluffy feeling.
I want to run away right now... But I can't hesitate here.
「Shiona told me about that chip. She said her son left town to become a movie director. That movie was sent by his son, wasn't it? But we couldn't watch it forever without that regenerative device. Am I wrong?」
In order to suppress my fear, I spoke quickly.
Mud looks at me with a slightly surprised expression, as if pushed by the momentum.
「I went to the library earlier. I went to see which equipment I could use to regenerate.」
「Did you... go to the library...?」
Mud looked even more surprised at the word library.
「Yes... I'll look for a device that can regenerate that chip. Even if the regenerator is broken, I'll fix it. If I can't find it, I'll make it by connecting various parts together.」
「Why would you go that far? It has nothing to do with you.」
「Yeah, it might not have anything to do with it. But I want to do that.」
「I want to be useful to Mud-san... That's all. So please.」
The silence continued.
Was this an affirmative silence? Or...
「He was the worst stupid son ever.」
Mud sits down in his chair and looks up at the ceiling.
Then, with a somewhat sad expression, she started talking to me.
All I did was fight with him.
When we meet face-to-face, all we can do is fight.
That’s why, at some point, she’d started avoiding me.
No, I might have been the one avoiding her.
Anyway, we don't see each other much anymore.
That's why I was surprised when he said he wanted to talk to me.
「I'm leaving this town.」
「Leave town? What are you saying?」
「I'm leaving this town to become a movie director. I really do like movies.」
「Stop talking about dreams and look at reality. It's impossible for someone like you to be the director. There's no way you can do it.」
「Don't decide it's impossible! You won't know until you try!」
「I understand. I'm your father. No one would watch a movie directed by a talentless director.」
「There are people who approve of me! They even got results! You just won't accept it!」
「I can't even dream if I'm in a town like this!」
「This is the town? Say it again.」
「I'll tell you as much as you want. I can't stand the thought of spending my whole life in a place like this.」
「You... Cut it out already...」
「I'll tell you as much as you want! You're afraid of changing!」
「Ever since Mom died, I've been doing the same thing every day――」
I hit her without thinking.
「...That's how you always resort to violence. I'm already done for.」
「...Okay, get out of here.」
「Yeah, I'll do that. Keep doing the same thing here forever.」
My son left home.
She hasn't contacted me since then.
The only thing I got was this movie on the chip.
How am I supposed to look at something without a regenerative device?
I can't forgive her for being so selfish.
I don't want to see a movie like this.
I don’t want to see his face anymore.
Mud was unusually talkative, and I was surprised.
The more I hear about those feelings, the more my feelings grow.
If Mud really hates his son, then there's no need to keep holding on to a chip that can't be regenerated forever.
If her son hated Mud, he wouldn't have sent her the movie he'd made.
I'm sure she wants Mud to watch this movie.
I think she sent that chip to Mud with some kind of feelings.
That's why I want to show Mud this movie.
I bowed my head again.
「Please! Lend me the chip!」
Mud silently walks in front of me.
I was prepared to be yelled at, but I no longer felt afraid.
More than that, it was because I was more conscious of wanting to do something useful for Mud-san.
But Mud handed me the chip he was holding.
「Do as you please.」
I took another look at the chip I had received.
It was a metal core covered in organic glass, with a rainbow-colored electronic circuit running through it.
That was in my knowledge as well. It was a general-purpose chip that was also used as a memory backup for Phyllods.
It had become the world standard, and most manufacturers adopted this format.
With this, it might be possible to regenerate even without a Mume Company-made projector.
I tightened my grip on the chip and bowed my head in the direction Mud was standing.
An abandoned factory on the outskirts of town.
I stepped into the pile of trash behind it.
Because I thought that if there was any device that could regenerate Mud-san's chip, it would have to be this abandoned factory.
If it had been inside the town, it would have regenerated long ago.
There's a lot of equipment mixed in with the trash.
Some of the wires were cut off, and some of them were rusted.
As far as I can tell, they're all useless.
I don't think there's much chance that the projector itself is here. But I think we can at least find some parts like the foundation.
That's exactly what I'm going to do, just like I told Mud-san. I'm going to put the parts together so that the chips can regenerate even if we have to connect them together.
This is the only place I can rely on.
If I don't do something about it here, Mud-san will always be wearing that expression.
I won't let that happen.
I don't want that to happen.
With that in mind, I cut through the pile of scrap.
But no matter how hard I searched, I couldn't find the device I was looking for.
I'm sure Mud has looked for it before.
No......maybe Mud-san's still looking for her.
Shiona had told me that Mud was fixing what he’d picked up in this garbage dump and selling it at the general store.
Wasn't her real goal to find a projector to regenerate her son's chip?
If that's the case, I wonder how Mud feels when I haven't been able to find him before...
I picked up something else instead of a projector... What was I thinking when I repaired it...?
I destroyed Mud-san's watch.
Oh... I see... That's why Mud got mad.
That clock was in the process of trying to get back what was important to Mud-san.
This is just speculation. But I want it to be that way.
If that's the case, then I won't be able to easily find what Mud-san has been searching for all this time.
Even so, I won't give up.
Finding the projector should be my greatest atoning for Mud-san for ruining my watch...
Just as I was dragging a piece of equipment bigger than my body...
Something felt off in my right hand.
A very small discomfort... The joints of my fingers are moving awkwardly.
Had the oil run out? Or had something broken down?
It might not be a good idea to keep working like this.
I couldn't stop moving my hands.
I'm sure Mud's looking for everything he can see.
I looked up at the pile of scrap metal piled far higher than my own height.
Since I weigh less than Mud-san, I might be able to climb it.
At the same time as I thought that, I began climbing the clumsy, unmaintained stairs.
I could feel the water hitting my back.
Large drops of rain poured down from the sky I looked up at.
「Ray, let's stop.」
A voice came from somewhere lower than her feet.
I turned around to see Shiona there.
She's looking up at me, drenched in rain.
「It's raining. You'll catch a cold at this rate.」
「I'm fine. I'll keep looking. Thank you.」
「Even if you can't find it, you worked so hard that Mud-san will be happy.」
「It's okay, Shiona. Just a little more.」
I continued my work.
From behind him, Shiona spoke one-sidedly
「But I'm already soaked. Let's stop. You're tired, aren't you? No one's going to blame Ray if you give up.」
As if to soothe her.
「I'm worried about your health. Let's stop. It'll be sad if you get hurt, Ray. ...It's important to give up.」
「There might be another way, so let's go home for today. I'll prepare some orange powa powa soup.」
「Let's go home... Ray, let's go home... Hey, Ray... I'm worried, Ray...」
Even so, I continued.
Unfazed by the pouring rain, I continued my search.
I pulled out the rotting iron plate.
At that moment, there was an avalanche of small scraps.
With a thunderous roar, the scrap metal pierced my feet, and I retreated to avoid it.
「Watch out, Ray!」
I turned around at the sound of Shiona’s voice and saw a mountain of scrap coming down from behind me.
A similar avalanche had broken out in the mountains behind them.
Feeling like I was about to be swallowed up, I somehow managed to run up the crumbling scrap heap.
After a while, the avalanche subsided, leaving only the sound of rain in the area again.
「Are you okay, Ray? Are you hurt?」
「Yeah, somehow... that was close.」
「It's true... I'm glad you're safe...」
Shiona let out a sigh of relief.
I stood up, as if to prove that I was safe.
「Ah... Ray, that's...」
Shiona’s eyes widened as she pointed at my feet.
The pile of scrap that had collapsed earlier. Inside it was a familiar device.
It was the same device as the one in the book that Tipi had shown me.
When I dug it out and looked at the surface of the vessel, it said “Mum” in hoarse letters.
「Here it is... Shiona, this is it! Here it is!」
I lifted it up and held it high so it looked like Shiona.
The water that had built up inside flowed out as it tilted.
「I did it, I did it, Shiona! I finally found it! Now Mud-san can watch the movie!」
「Yeah, but... I think that machine is broken...」
「Huh?」
Hearing Shiona say that, I brought the hand holding the device in front of me.
It's true that the device we found--the Mume Company-made projector--was clearly malfunctioning.
I don't have the lens part I need to project.
Plus, there was a large fissure at the top, and when I peeked inside through it, the foundation inside was covered in rust.
I can't project a movie with this.
「That's too bad... Ray, let's go home, okay?」
Shiona held out her hand.
I put my hand on top of hers.
That warmth warmed my hand, which was cold from the rain.
By the time we got back to town, the rain had stopped.
Even so, my heart will not clear up.
Could she really repair the projector she held with both hands?
I was willing to fix it in terms of feelings, but now that I'd seen how battered it was, my resolve wavered.
「What's wrong? You're soaking wet.」
I was on my way back to the church when someone suddenly stopped me.
I turn around to see the director of the photo shop who took my picture before.
「I was just looking for something.」
「Looking for something...? I see. So, did you find what you were looking for?」
「Yes... But...」
「What's wrong?」
「We found it, but it's broken, so we can't use it.」
Shiona answered in my dejected place.
「I see. That's too bad. By the way, what were you planning to use that for?」
「Actually... I wanted to regenerate the chip you're holding.」
「Mad-san's? That's the chip your son sent you.」
「...Yes. I wanted to please Mad-san, who's always angry...」
「Is that something you want to do from the bottom of your heart?」
The director asked me gently, yet as if testing me.
「Yes, of course.」
I answered without hesitation.
「Mad-san... You always look angry, and you look like you're in pain. I'm sure you'll smile if there's an opportunity. I think people can be happy as long as they smile. And I think other people can be happy when they see it.」
Having said that much, I looked at Shiona.
「Shiona... taught me that.」
Shiona looked surprised at my words, but she soon smiled.
Yeah, this is the expression. Someone's smile makes the people around them feel happy.
The moment Shiona smiled at me, it warmed my heart, too.
「I see... Can you show me that?」
The director pointed at the projector I was holding. I silently held out the broken device.
The director of the photo shop took a good look around the equipment.
「I see. This is inhuman. There are too many things that aren't enough to fix it.」
Hearing that from the director, who usually takes care of his camera, was enough to break my heart.
Perhaps noticing my dejected presence, the director smiled wryly and returned the projector to me.
「Ray, let's hurry home. You'll catch a cold.」
「That's right. It'd be bad for your health if you stayed wet in the rain. For now, you should go home and change.」
Any more and the director would be in trouble.
Even if I'm fine, a Human like Shiona will catch a cold.
Hugging the projector, we bowed our heads to the director and headed for the church.
When we returned to the church, Shiona wiped my head with a soft towel.
Gently, softly, and carefully, so as not to rub.
「Too bad for you, projector.」
「...Yeah, but that place used to be a garbage dump, so of course it's broken.」
I should be able to tell just by thinking about it. And yet, I wished for a convenient development.
If she wished for it, she would do something about it. If she did her best, the results would surely follow.
It made me realize that reality wasn't that sweet.
「It can't be helped. Ray did his best, so no one will complain.」
「But... But I wanted to show Mud-san a movie.」
「Yeah... Ray, you're so kind.」
「It's not out of kindness or anything. I just think that's my role.」
「But that feeling alone is enough to make Mud-san happy. That's enough.」
「I hope so...」
「Why don't we warm up for now? I'll go get a drink that'll make your body and mind feel better.」
Folding the towel that had wiped my head, Shiona smiled and headed toward the kitchen.
I sat down in my chair and sighed.
I look at the broken projector on the table.
...No, there's no point in getting depressed.
It may have been broken, but considering that nothing had happened, we were still making some progress.
If we can fix this projector bit by bit, we should be able to regenerate the chip eventually.
The book I’d borrowed from Tippy contained a method of disassembling it for maintenance
If I untie them in order, I should be able to fix them.
We just need to find the missing parts one by one at that factory.
I want Mud to smile. I want him to look as happy as Shiona when the music box is fixed.
I steeled my resolve once again to fix the projector.
Just then, I noticed that the church's main hall was bustling with activity.
「You're being rude.」
I opened the door and peeked out to see the director of the photo shop.
And on her back were even more townspeople.
「What's wrong?」
I asked curiously, and the townspeople smiled as they held something out to me.
「These are my broken clock parts. Feel free to use them if you want.」
「I thought this might be a good match for the wiring.」
「Use mine, Light.」
「I don't want you to use mine.」
「We have plenty of tools here, so feel free to use them as much as you want.」
Various electrical parts, wiring devices, electronic circuits, gears, and screws were placed on the table one after another.
As I stood dumbfounded, unable to process the scene, the director smiled.
「...Um, what's this?」
「You're going to fix that projector, aren't you? When I told everyone about it, they brought me something I thought I'd need. I'm sure some of them are unnecessary, but you've never had the materials, right?」
「But why...?」
「Everyone was moved by your music and Shiona's songs. They wanted to thank you no matter what. ...And I'm one of them.」
The director took out a lens and handed it to me.
「This... It's a camera lens. Do you think it fits?」
I felt something warm deep in my chest.
And then, that warm thing gradually rose upwards.
Before long, that warmth reached the back of my eyes, growing hotter and hotter.
I couldn't put the words together properly in my head. I wanted to say something, but only my lips trembled.
Shiona, holding a steaming cup, watched me gently.
「Shiona... My chest feels warm. I wonder why.」
「Ray, that's a feeling called 'happiness.'」
As she spoke, she approached me and handed me a cup filled with a drink that made my heart skip a beat.
「Everyone's responding to Ray's desire to make Mud-san smile. Everyone wants him to be happy, with Ray at the center.」
「Maybe it's not a bother..., even though I started it on my own.」
「If you think it's a bother, no one will be able to smile so warmly.」
I looked at the townspeople who had brought the parts over in turn.
She held each part in her hand, held it up so that it was visible to me, and smiled.
「...Everyone... Thank you very much.」
Using the parts and tools I was given, I began repairing it on the spot.
I was able to advance on things that I couldn't understand on my own, with the help of all sorts of people.
It removes moisture, carefully scrapes off the rusty parts with Yasuri, and repairs the severed electronic circuits with copper foil.
The half-missing handicap was corrected by using the tip of the screwdriver, which had been heated until it turned red.
「No, no, that's not what I meant. It's like this.」
「No, no, it's like this here.」
「You two are different! This is definitely like this!」
It's not like that. It's not like this.
The repairs were carried out by everyone, noisy but lively.
And finally...
The repairs were done in a clumsy state, full of splinters.
「Thank you very much, everyone.」
「It's fine. In exchange, let me hear that song again.」
「The kids like it. Do it again sometime.」
「Listening to him puts me in a good mood.」
「When I hear that song... it reminds me of the past...」
「I love that song! It's so fun!」
A clumsy device that we all made together.
It looked far from what I’d seen in the book.
But it's the only projector in the world that we all made together.
I couldn't have been happier.
Everyone there was genuinely happy to be completed.
「All that's left is to activate this test.」
When I was told to activate the test, I looked around the room.
Come to think of it, I've never seen electricity in this town.
The photographer used an analog camera, too.
「...Um, could it be that this town doesn't have electricity...?」
Everyone in the room looked taken aback at my question.
It was awkward, as if I had touched something I shouldn't have.
Even the director, who had suggested activating the test, kept his mouth shut.
「The library.」
It was Shiona who spoke as if to break the awkward atmosphere.
「There's no electricity in this town, but there's still a power storage facility.」
「Is that the library?」
「Yeah, that's right.」
It was as if a ray of hope had entered her.
I felt my cheeks soften.
But Shiona's expression was... supposed to be a smile, but she had a sad look in her eyes.
The next day, Shiona and I went to the library together.
She was holding a handmade projector that she had made with the townspeople yesterday.
「I didn't know there was a device like this here.」
The library counter was equipped with a device that could store electricity made from sunlight into portable batteries.
It seemed to be the only device left in this town.
However, with the aging of the solar panels, it's not possible to generate a large amount of electricity.
To this town, the energy called electricity is precious.
Despite my selfishness, everyone in town gave me permission to use something so valuable.
She said that she wanted me to listen to music again.
But there's something that's been bothering me.
I felt like the place called the library meant something special to the townspeople.
Everyone's reaction yesterday. Thinking back on it, Mud's expression had changed since I went to the library.
...No, I shouldn't make weird guesses right now.
I took my eyes off the battery, which was starting to charge, and looked at Shiona, trying my best to hide the unease in my heart.
「I'll have to have Shiona sing for me again.」
「Yeah, I'll sing with gratitude for everyone.」
Shiona turned to me with her usual smile.
Next to Shiona was Tipi.
She looked at Shiona with a slightly confused expression.
Come to think of it, this was the first time I’d ever seen these two standing side by side.
「Tippy, how long do you think it'll take to recharge?」
「Umm... I think it's about three more.」
「I see. That's surprisingly fast.」
「And you're the only one who can be with Ray...?」
Tipi took a big detour around Shiona and hugged my leg.
Her sad expression didn't change.
But I feel like her sadness is softening a little.
She patted Tipi’s head with the palm of her hand.
I stroked her silky, touchy hair over and over, and she dug her cheek into my leg.
「...Okay, you two. That's it.」
Shiona stepped between me and Tippy.
「Ah... Ray, Ray...」
Tipi reaches out for me.
But that hand won't reach me.
「Ray, wait...」
Shiona grabbed my arm and took me to the wall.
—Shiona’s sweet scent tickled my nose.
「Rei, Tippy is already a girl. Do you understand what this means?」
「I know. You're cute when you get attached to me.」
「That's not what I meant... I don't think it's a good idea to touch her too casually or get too close.」
「Why? I think it's fine if you're happy, Tippy.」
「That's not it... I don't think it's good to touch girls your age so casually.」
「You say you're old, but you're still a kid, aren't you?」
「Girls grow faster on the inside than they look. They already have pink hearts.」
「Pink...? What do you mean by that?」
「Pink is pink. That's why I don't think it's good.」
Unusually, Shiona’s heart seemed to be in disarray.
She's talking to me with a smile, but she's puffing out her cheeks a little.
Come to think of it, whenever I told her I was going to the library, her smile always hardened.
Shiona didn't seem to think much of me getting along with Tipi.
Even now, it looked as if they were competing with Tippy.
「...Hey, Shiona. Is that what it means to be jealous?」
Shiona’s eyes widened as she gasped at my words.
Unsettled, she moved her gaze, refusing to look at me.
This was the first time she'd ever shown a smile on her face.
I reached for Shiona's head.
「Huh? Ray...?」
Then she gently stroked her hair, as if she was doing it for Tippy.
「Wah... Wah, Ray, what's this all of a sudden? What's wrong?」
Unlike Tippy, Shiona's hair was silky and comfortable. She smelled nice every time I stroked it.
It’s the kind of hair that makes you want to touch it forever.
「R-Ray? It's kind of embarrassing for me, you know? Right?」
「Ah, sorry. But for some reason, I thought it might be better to do this.」
I didn’t really understand what was going on, but looking at Shiona now warmed my heart.
A feeling close to joy welled up within me, as if I had learned it before.
「A-Anyway, let's not get too clingy, okay? Okay? Promise me?」
「Yeah, if you say so, Shiona.」
That's why I had no choice but to say so.
We went back to Tipi.
Tipi looked up at us anxiously.
「What's wrong? Tipi, are you a bad girl? Is that why you two are so angry?」
Tippy furrowed her brows sadly.
「Don't worry. It's nothing.」
「Really? Isn't it really, really happening? After all, Shionah's mother... is hot, you know?」
「Th-This isn't it. I'm not prickling because it's so hot.」
「Hmm... Okay, got it.」
Tipi wept in relief.
Honestly, I wanted to wipe those tears away with my fingertips, but I was sure Shiona wouldn’t like that
That's why I decided to hold back the urge.
I turn on the projector after it's recharged.
A low motor sound rang out, and the exhaust fan began to turn.
The lights at the top were blinking, signaling that they were preparing to activate.
It was an electric light I hadn't seen in a long time. Shiona, Tipi, and I all stared at the flashing lights, looking at something unusual.
「Umm... where to put the chips...」
The control panel on the side of the projector was broken and exposed.
In the middle of it is the spot where the chip is inserted.
I slowly inserted the chip Mud had given me.
The projector blinked red hurriedly on the reading lamp, trying to check the data inside.
We watched her with bated breath.
After about ten seconds, the blinking intervals between the lamps grew shorter, turning into green lights.
「This means... you're okay, right?」
Anxiety mixed with excitement, and her voice was high-pitched.
「Yeah, the projector's fixed, and the data inside is fine.」
Shiona’s words lifted my heart. I could feel the corners of my mouth naturally rising.
I felt a sense of “joy” at the satisfaction of having accomplished something new.
After charging and checking the projector, we headed for Mud-san's shop.
Tipi stayed in the library, saying she'd gotten sleepy.
I wanted to see it with her, but Shiona chided me not to push myself too hard.
「I wonder if Mud-san will like it.」
「Y-Yes... I'm sure she'll be happy.」
「I hope so. Everyone in town made it together, after all. Especially since it's filled with everyone's feelings.」
「Y-Yeah... You're right.」
「What's wrong, Shiona? Did something happen?」
Shiona had been somewhere else for a while now.
「No. There's nothing here.」
「Really...? I don't think so...」
「More importantly, Ray, it's cloudy today, and my heart is turning gray.」
Shiona murmured as she looked up at the sky.
Likewise, I looked up at the sky, but I couldn't tell what was different from usual.
In fact, since it was after the rain, the dust in the air had fallen, making it somewhat easier to breathe.
「Besides, it's damp, and my feelings are going to be beaten to a pulp. So, Ray, why don't we take it easy at home today? Let's have some orange soup.」
Does this air feel uncomfortable to Shiona...?
No, Shiona’s words probably hid what she really wanted to say.
But I didn't really understand what that meant.
It didn’t seem like Shiona was going to be mean to him
「But we all worked so hard to make it. I want to show Mud-san his son's movie as soon as possible.」
「Yeah... You're right.」
Shiona fell silent after that.
I'm not angry.
She's following me to the side, matching my pace.
There was a hint of gloom in her expression.
When we arrived at Mud-san’s shop, we stepped into its dimly lit interior.
「Hey... Why are you just barging in?」
Mud-san's rumbling voice comes from the back of the store.
She slumped back in her chair, staring straight at us.
「Hello, Mud-san. Um... Here.」
I pulled out a patchy projector.
Mud glares at it as if appraising it.
「What's that supposed to mean? We don't buy trash.」
「That's not it. It looks bad, but it's a projector that can replay your son's movie.」
「My son's movie? I don't remember asking him to make something like that.」
「I certainly wasn't asked to. I did it on my own. But a lot of people in town helped me make this. I want Mud-san to watch all the movies.」
「Like I said, I don't remember asking you to do that.」
「I know. I did it on my own. So what I'm about to do is what I want to do. If you're going to stop me, please stop me.」
I was about to start walking.
But from behind me, Shiona tugged on my sleeve to stop me.
「Ray, Mud-san, you're prickly, Murasaki... You should stop today. Let's do it again some other day, okay?」
「Shiona, we've come this far. Mud-san may be saying that, but I'm sure she wants to see her son's movie. If we don't watch it here, I'm sure she won't.」
「Besides, if I really didn't want to, I'd already be thrown outside.」
It's just a guess based on Mud-san's actions so far, but I don't think she's wrong.
「It's okay, Shiona. So don't look so worried. It's okay.」
I nodded firmly, trying to dispel Shiona’s anxiety.
「...Okay, Ray. If you want to do it, then do it however you want.」
Shiona removed her hand from my sleeve.
I started walking again.
I put the device on the register counter and closed the door to the store.
Next, I closed all the curtains on the window.
It's already dark inside, but it's getting even darker.
It's just the right darkness to play a movie.
Then I turned on the newly charged projector, and the fans roared and spun, and after a while, the lights I’d installed lit up.
A square light appears on the wall of the shop.
I adjusted the lens I’d gotten from the photographer’s director and focused it.
Mud-san just stares at the motion.
「Mad-san, I'm going to play the movie now. Okay?」
「...Do whatever you want.」
Mud didn't deny it.
I'm convinced that's the answer Mud wants.
I put my finger on the button on the control panel...
----I regenerate.
Mud-san stared at the square light with a stern expression.
The story begins in the light.
That's a story about a boy.
It was set in a time when the sky was still blue and nature was still there.
Born into a small house in a small town, he didn’t know his mother.
The father she’d lived with had only taken care of the bare minimum...and their relationship was far from what could be called family.
And as the boy grew older, the rift between the two grew deeper.
When we met face-to-face, we were fighting.
The short conversation was all a mutual denial.
Before we knew it, our gazes had stopped meeting.
The boy’s number of trips home dwindled, and he eventually set foot on the path of evil.
His father silently punched him.
The furrows between her brows were carved even deeper than usual...
The boy dashes out of the house and leaves town.
But that was the beginning of a harsh day.
His body was being used well by those he thought were his comrades, betrayed, and his body and mind were falling apart.
It was a woman who supported him.
Meeting her was what led him down the right path.
The boy decided to wash his feet from the bad and move on to a new town to redo his life.
I've got a family.
I didn’t doubt that my son was born, and that I would continue to live happily ever after with my beloved wife.
But... women leave this world because of illness.
There was no time to despair.
He worked hard to raise the children he had left behind.
But I was so desperate to work that I didn't notice the rift in my relationship with the children.
When I opened my mouth, we were always fighting.
The days of passing each other continued.
And then, a grown child stepped onto the path of evil, as if trying to pin it on himself...
I thought it was punishment.
This is exactly what I've done to my father.
Now I curse myself for being inexperienced.
He looked at his hand, thinking of a way to stop his son.
If she opened her hand, she might be able to admonish her son with the kindness of patting his head and hugging him.
If he clenched his hand, it would become a fist, and he might be able to rebuke his son with sternness.
As a father, which should he choose?
He clenched his fists.
The fist that punched my son was hot, and my chest hurt like it was being squeezed... I furrowed my brow deeply.
However, his son held his red, swollen cheeks as he wept.
She told me that she loved me, that she had scolded me properly...
Hearing those words brought tears to his eyes as well.
Why hadn’t she realized what her son had noticed back then?
That the look on his father’s face after punching him wasn’t anger, but sorrow.
He took his son back to the town where he was born for the first time in twenty years.
The townscape hasn't changed much since I jumped out.
And the house where I was born is still the same as ever.
However, her father, who lived alone in that house, looked even smaller than he did in her memories, perhaps because of his old age.
Faced with his father, he bit his lip and wept.
His father silently patted him lightly on the shoulder, then muttered a few words.
Mud-san's son's movie was a very old type of human drama.
I don't know if this is interesting or not.
If her emotional functions were normal, she might have been able to make a decision.
But Mud is staring at the screen.
Silently watching the movie from start to finish.
The staff roll ends, and the screen goes black.
Looks like it's over.
Shiona looked at me once, then reached for the stop button on the projector.
Just as her slender fingers were about to touch the button, I grabbed Shiona's hand.
「...? Ray?」
Shiona looked at me curiously. But I was staring at the screen.
The screen was black. Because the letters slowly appeared in the middle of it.
The words contained a clear “emotion” that was probably written directly.
“I’ll dedicate this movie to my father.”
Slowly, the letters melted into the darkening screen and disappeared.
This time, the movie quietly comes to an end.
Silence fell over the area.
Even if I turn it off, Mud is still staring at the spot where the screen used to be.
「Mad-san... The movie is over, you know?」
My words were answered with a sigh.
「...What a boring movie.」
She murmurs in a quiet voice that's unthinkable for Mud-san up until now.
「It was so boring that I was tired of holding back a yawn.」
She wiped away the tears that had accumulated from the yawn she’d said she’d been holding back, then stood up from her chair and took a chip out of the projector.
Then she gripped it firmly in the palm of her hand and sat back down in her chair.
「...Hurry up and go home.」
She spoke in a voice with little intonation, then closed her eyes as if pondering something.
Could it be that her son's feelings didn't get through to her in this movie?
Was it a movie that didn't matter to Mud...?
In that case, what I did was...
My chest ached, and I called out to Mud in a panic, thinking I had to say something.
But Shiona tugged lightly on my clothes, cutting me off.
「Ray, it's okay.」
Shiona smiled as the corners of her eyebrows lowered.
「Mad-san, you're just not being honest. Let's leave her alone for now. Okay?」
I can't be honest...?
In other words, everything Mud said earlier meant the opposite?
「Mad-san, you're so silky right now. It's filled with a beautiful light blue. It's all thanks to Ray.」
「Really...? If that's the case...」
I feel a warmth deep in my chest.
I know this feeling.
It’s an emotion called “joy.”
I'm happy that Mud is happy.
I'm so happy I was able to help.
We quietly left the store so that we wouldn't get in Mud's way.
I left the projector there so that I could see the movie again, so that I could see it whenever I wanted.
When I stepped outside the store, I saw a faint orange light on the other side of the sky.
It was a color that seemed to reflect my feelings.
「I'm really glad you're happy, Mud-san.」
「Yeah, you're right.」
But there's something sad about her smile.
「Huh? What do you mean?」
「You look kind of sad.」
「Really? That's not true. It's a pure heart that Mud-san is happy about.」
「Really? That's fine, then.」
「Hey, Ray. Why don't we have a feast today?」
「Food? Why?」
「It's the anniversary of Ray's happiness.」
「An anniversary... Yeah, an anniversary.」
「Let's make some orange soup and have some powa powa powa.」
「Yeah, you're right. I'll help you cook.」
「Thank you. I'm really happy, Ray.」
Shiona's hand touched mine.
We held hands, both of us.
The warmth born from holding hands.
The orange sky was eventually swallowed up by the darkness of the night that had snuck up on us.
The next day, we decided to sing in the plaza, as promised to everyone who helped repair the projector.
Since we were here, I wanted Mud-san to listen to it with me, so I visited Mud-san's shop.
But the door was still closed.
Normally it's already open, but there's a sign that says “CLOSE” hanging from it.
The door to the shop was locked, too, so I couldn't get inside.
I peeked into the store through the crack in the door.
The projector had been left on the counter.
Nothing has changed since yesterday.
The chair Mud-san was sitting in just happened to overlap with the shelf, so I couldn't see it.
「What's wrong, Mud-san? Are you not feeling well?」
「...I knew it would turn out like this.」
「What do you mean... it turned out like this?」
I tilted my head at Shiona, who spoke as if she knew the store would be closed.
「In the middle of yesterday's movie, Mud-san was bright red, and Igaiga was gone.」
「It's bright red... Igaiga?」
「Yeah, I don't think there's any need to hold back anymore. This is the first time I've seen Mud-san so calm.」
Shiona smiled, troubled.
「Mad-san, have you been holding something back this whole time?」
「That's right. I really wanted to make up with your son forever and ever. I wanted to fly to your son's place. But Mud-san is always bright red and prickly, isn't he? That's why there was no trigger.」
「Does that mean the movie from yesterday...?」
「That's right. Because Ray showed Mud-san his son's movie, Mud-san was able to be honest with him.」
「...Are you here to see your son, Mud?」
「Yeah. I think she left town.」
Shiona smiled. Her smile made me realize that I really had been useful to Mud-san.
My chest instantly grew hot, and it turned into words as I spoke.
「Amazing! That's amazing, Shiona! It's the same as that movie! It wasn't my son I went to see, it was my father, but it was mostly the same as the movie!」
「Yes, that's right. It's really amazing. But there's one problem.」
「Something troubling?」
Shiona’s expression clouded over, and she let out a small sigh.
I wonder if there's anything troubling about Mud and his son making up?
「I don't think Mud-san will be back for a while, so I can't get the ingredients for the fluffy orange soup.」
Shiona said that with a serious look on her face.
「That's... a problem.」
「Yeah, it's a problem, isn't it? But if we save the ingredients we have right now, we'll be fine for a while.」
Shiona broke her tight lips and smiled.
Seeing her like that, I naturally felt my cheeks move.
Something warm welled up from deep within my chest.
I don't know how to describe this feeling, but I feel very satisfied.
「Mad-san, I hope you come back soon. I'd love to hear what you have to say. Maybe your son will come with you. That'd be even better.」
「Yeah, you're right. It'd be nice if that happened.」
Little by little, I'm able to learn emotions. That's what I felt.
I'm able to get closer to my ideal image.
I want to be useful to people more and more.
I want to learn more and more emotions.
Those feelings were the main driving force driving me forward.
「Let's get going, Ray. We're going to be late.」
「That's right. Let's hurry. I wonder how many people we can make smile today.」
「I'm sure there's a lot more. More than yesterday.」
「It's because Shiona's singing is so beautiful.」
「No, it's because Ray's playing.」
「Even if it's a performance, I'm just turning the wheel.」
「That's what's important. When the heart of the person who spins it is kind, the music becomes dusty and fluffy.」
Shiona smiled as she spread her arms softly.
「If it were just my song, I'm sure no one would stop. My song is only possible thanks to Ray's performance. Thank you, Ray.」
My face flushed red.
「I wonder why, Shiona. My face is really hot.」
「Really. Your face is turning bright red. I'm sure you're blushing.」
「Embarrassment? Is this what it feels like to be embarrassed?」
「Yeah, you're surprisingly shy, Ray. You're cute.」
Upon hearing Shiona’s words, my face grew hotter and hotter
We left Mud-san's shop and visited the plaza.
Many people had already gathered there before we arrived.
「I've been waiting for you two. I'm looking forward to working with you again today!」
「The kids have been saying 'Let's go to Otaki-nii' since yesterday. Please.」
「Your songs are soothing. Thank you very much.」
「Onii-chan, Onee-chan, sing again!」
All the people we met were waiting for our melody.
And all of them were smiling.
This was it.
What I was looking for.
To do something, to make people happy, and to be grateful.
This is what I wanted.
What a pleasant feeling.
What a warm feeling in my chest.
I wanted to experience this feeling for a long time.
「Shiona, let's begin. Let's make everyone smile.」
「Yeah, of course.」
Just like yesterday, I turned the music box's handle.
The melody overflows.
Shiona wove the melody in time with the sound.
And then, that melody spread out a ring of big smiles.
A smile spreads across the town.
That made me happier than anything.
And the side of Shiona’s face as she sang happily was my joy.
The townspeople were listening in with smiles, just like yesterday.
A ring of smiles spread across the room.
Suddenly—I felt a slight discomfort as I turned the music box’s handle.
Her gloved right hand hid her mechanical hand.
I feel a slight creaking in her hand as she turns the handle.
「Hey, how was that machine the day before yesterday?」
While I was cleaning up the performance, she spoke to me and raised her head.
The director and the townspeople who provided the parts were there.
「Mad-san was happy to be able to regenerate it. It's all thanks to you.」
「I see. That's good to hear. It was worth talking to everyone.」
「It's all thanks to all of you. Thank you very much.」
「No, it's fine... But you know, it's all thanks to your power.」
「Yeah, that's right. It's because of your actions that we've found someone to help us.」
「But that's because you're all so kind. My actions are nothing more than a trigger.」
「Of course, that's part of it. But we won't know until we act, and it won't change. Who's the most important person, or who's amazing? The first person to act is worth that much.」
Starting with the director, all the people who helped us smiled warmly.
「If anything else happens, don't hesitate to let me know. I'll do everything I can to help.」
With that, the director and the others scattered and left.
As I watched her go, I thought.
「Hey, Shiona.」
「What's wrong, Ray?」
「I really do want a lot more people to be happy.」
「It's a wonderful thing to make people happy.」
「Yeah, you're right. But it's a wonderful thing to feel that way, Ray.」
Shiona’s praise made me a little happy.
I could feel the warmth welling up in my chest.
「That's why I want to help so many people. I want to meet so many people and help them solve their problems and problems.」
「If that's what Ray wants to do, then I think it's a good idea.」
「In that case, Shiona, let's go look for them! Let's go help those in need in this town!」
「...Wait.」
「Hey, Ray, I don't think that's quite right.」
I was confident that Shiona would agree.
But she was shaking her head with troubled eyes.
「It's true that helping people is a wonderful thing. But I don't think it's right to push that onto them.」
「I'll push it on you...? I don't intend to do anything like that.」
「Of course, I understand how you feel, Ray. But people have barriers and problems that they have to overcome on their own. If you help them all, you won't be able to grow. Of course, it's important to help them, but first you need to help them when they're doing their best and still can't handle it. So, Ray, let's help them when someone asks for help. It's not too late to save them after that.」
I understood what Shiona was saying.
I could understand it.
But deep inside my chest, I felt something bothering me.
Why did I have to leave my feelings of wanting to help others as they were?
Why shouldn’t I help people myself?
Why, why, why...?
At that point, I stopped thinking.
It was because Shiona’s smile seemed somehow sad.
A few days later...
Once again, something felt off.
It was the strange feeling I had when I was spinning the music box.
A feeling so small that I can't put it into words.
But it's definitely attacking my right hand.
That strange feeling was gradually growing larger.
After returning to Shiona’s house, I tried moving my fingers one by one in the room.
Then, once each finger reached a certain depth in the same way, it didn't bend any further.
I can't grasp things with this.
It was a problem on a level that would interfere with her daily life.
No matter how many times I tried, that glitch would never be fixed.
Maybe they needed fundamental repairs that would take them apart at least once.
I have an idea of this condition.
That was when I was looking for that projector.
I did a lot of reckless things in that garbage dump.
When I was moving something heavy, something felt off.
Let's go to that abandoned factory after this today.
And then, let's go look for tools for repairs.
「Ray, it's time for dinner.」
Shiona suddenly entered the room.
I hurriedly put on my gloves and hid my exposed right hand.
「What's wrong? Why are you so flustered?」
「It's nothing. I was just spacing out, so I was surprised.」
「Did I startle you? Sorry about that. I'll knock next time.」
「Yeah, thanks. That'd be great.」
「Okay, got it. Anyway, dinner's ready. Wanna eat already?」
I look at the clock.
Before I knew it, the hands of the clock were already spinning at the top.
「It's already this late...」
「It's always cloudy outside. You'll lose your sense of time.」
「Yeah, I'll be right there. Can you wait for me?」
「Okay, got it. I'll be waiting in the kitchen, Ray.」
Shiona smiled and left.
I took off my gloves again and checked my right hand.
...I have to do something to keep Shiona from finding out.
Even if we went to the abandoned factory, that would have to wait until after we ate.
I made up my mind and headed to the kitchen.
Shiona’s homemade cooking was lined up in the kitchen.
「Ray, sit down. Let's eat.」
Shiona folded her hands in front of her face.
I joined hands with her in the same way.
「Our father in the heavens, may everyone be holy, may Mikuni come, may your heart be held in the heavens, and may the earth be filled with our daily provisions. Please forgive us for our sins. We will forgive people as well. Please do not tempt us and save us from evil.」
These were the words Shiona had taught me.
Before I knew it, I had started praying in the same way.
That's how much time I spent with Shiona.
The thought naturally warmed the depths of my heart.
「Hm? It's nothing.」
「You think so? You look happy. It's all orange and fluffy.」
「You look happy? Me...?」
「Yes, very, very much so. Ray, you've been making that expression a lot lately. I'm kind of happy too.」
「Does that mean you're 'laughing'?」
「Yes, that's right. You didn't laugh at all at first, but you've been smiling a lot lately. I'm happy.」
「Am I... smiling...?」
I remember the first day I woke up.
The face I saw that day was expressionless.
Ever since that day, I've been wishing for it.
She said she wanted emotions.
Before I knew it, I was starting to get what I wanted.
Thank goodness, I felt a lightness deep in my chest.
Now I can be with Shiona and the others forever.
I looked down at my right hand.
I can't use my spoon properly with my hands hanging limply.
I had no choice but to switch to my left hand and scoop up some soup.
Eating with your left hand, which you are not used to, becomes extremely difficult.
「What's wrong, Ray...? Huh? Is Ray left-handed?」
「No... I'm right-handed, but my right hand hurts today.」
「Does it hurt? Oh no! I have to call a doctor... Ah, but he's not in this town, so I have to call him from a faraway town...」
「No, don't worry. It'll heal if you leave it alone.」
This is bad... This is bad.
If a doctor sees me, they'll find out who I am.
That was the one thing I had to avoid.
I want to stay here forever.
「I'm sure it's because you were reckless the other day. You worked so hard in the rain...」
「...Yeah, I think that's probably why.」
「Come on, I won't stop when I say it. I'm worried about Ray's health.」
「Yeah, thank you. But thanks to your hard work, I'm glad Mud-san was happy.」
「Yeah, you're right. But don't push yourself.」
Shiona looked at me with a worried expression.
I decided not to do anything that would make her look like this anymore.
When I see Shiona other than her smile, my heart turns blue.
「Come to think of it, I wonder if Mud-san's back. Have you heard from her since then?」
「Not yet. Your son lives a little far away. I'm sure he hasn't arrived yet.」
「I see. I hope you get in touch soon.」
「Yeah, you're right.」
After that, Shiona didn't ask about my right hand.
With my unfamiliar left hand, I finished my meal early.
Then I went back to my room and started getting dressed.
I stuffed the tools into my bag.
I'll probably end up disassembling my own arm.
I need to solve this on my own.
I can't rely on anyone.
That's why I made careful preparations.
As I was concentrating on my preparations, I heard the sound of someone knocking on the door of the room.
A moment later, Shiona entered the room.
「Ray, would you like to go shopping...?」
Shiona asked, looking back and forth between the bag and me.
「Yeah. I was looking for something.」
「Where are you going? Close? Far? When are you coming back?」
「I'm going to the abandoned factory. I want to get home as soon as possible.」
「An abandoned factory? What are you going to do?」
「Umm... Actually, the director of the photography shop asked me to find some parts, so I'm going to look for them.」
It was a lie.
It was a childish lie, but Shiona smiled at me.
「I see... Understood. Be really careful, okay? Your right hand is already in bad shape, isn't it?」
「Yeah, thanks. I'll try to get home as soon as possible.」
Shiona saw me off, and I left the church.
Our destination is the abandoned factory...
But before that, there was a place I had to stop by.
I need to match up with the lie I told her on the spot.
If by any chance Shiona ran into the director and told him about me, he’d find out that lie.
If that happened, it would probably hurt Shiona.
I don't want to hurt Shiona.
That's why my feet were visiting the photo shop.
「Oh, what a rare guest.」
When I opened the door, the director who was polishing the camera greeted me.
「Sorry for intruding so suddenly.」
「No, it's fine... I was just about to go home.」
「At home... at the church? Did you need something?」
「Yeah, wait a minute.」
The director retreated into the back.
While I waited, I decided to take a look around the photos on display.
There were various photos on display, ranging from old photos to recent ones.
The time, place, and people were taken were different.
But there was one thing they had in common.
That meant that everyone was smiling the same way.
I couldn't help but be envious of the people in the picture with that smile.
「Hey, hey, sorry to keep you waiting. Here, take this.」
The director held out a photo to me.
Among them were the smiling Shiona and the expressionless me.
「It's a photo I took before. It took a while to develop. I'm sorry I'm late.」
「That's not true. Thank you very much. But I don't have any money...」
「It's fine. I'm late, and I wanted to take it myself. I'll give you a freebie.」
「Thank you very much. I'll give it to Shiona.」
「Please do. Anyway, you and Shiona really are alike when you look at them like this.」
「Do you know Shiona's brother?」
「Yeah, of course. Have you ever seen a picture of Shiona and her brother side by side?」
「Yes, there is. It's a picture of you holding a music box.」
「Yeah, that's it. Actually, I took it myself.」
「I see... When did you set off on your journey?」
「It was right after I took that picture, wasn't it? She said she'd tell the whole world about the music. Shiona's already sad. She's always smiling like that, but at the time, she was crying all the time.」
「That Shiona? I can't believe it...」
「...But you know, I've been smiling a lot lately. Just as much as when you're here... No, maybe even more than that.」
「I see. I'm sure he's been smiling the whole time.」
「I'm sure it's because you're here.」
「I think it's partly because you look like your brother, but I don't think that's all.」
「But I haven't been able to do anything for you.」
「Doing something for her isn't the only way to make her smile. You can make her smile just by being near her.」
「I'll be by your side... In that case, I'm more confident that I'll be by your side than anyone else.」
「I can tell that from my perspective. When I'm with you, Shiona seems to be smiling from the bottom of her heart.」
Those words warmed my heart.
I'm connected to Shiona's smile.
With me here, Shiona...
「It's strange for me to be the one asking, but will you stay close to Shiona forever?」
「Of course. I'll always be by your side and keep smiling. That's my greatest wish.」
「Hahahaha, that's like a proposal. It's a shame Shiona isn't here.」
「Proposal...?」
Hearing those words, I felt my face grow hot.
I know what she means.
Those were the words a Human man and woman would swear to spend their entire lives together.
I wonder if what I just said was the same as that.
Thinking about it like that made my face grow even hotter.
I turned my back to the director so he wouldn't notice my agitation.
「Um, well then, I have somewhere to go.」
「I see. Make sure you don't lose that photo.」
「Yes, thank you very much.」
I thanked her over my back and left the photo shop.
The road to the abandoned factory.
I charge through the dark red earth.
The bag full of tools is becoming a burden.
I heard the sound of tools rubbing against each other in the bag hanging from my shoulder.
The wind was strong, and it looked like it might rain at any moment.
If I went to fix it, and the number of broken points increased, it would be putting the cart before the horse.
I decided to hurry to the abandoned factory so it wouldn't rain.
Along the way...
In the distance, I spotted something flickering white.
But the place was so far away that there was no way to find out what the object was.
I still couldn’t tell how big it was, but the white object looked like it was slowly approaching us.
I strained my eyes to check.
Just then, a gust of wind blew.
Without thinking, I closed my eyes.
By the time I opened my eyes again, the white object had vanished from view.
What on earth was that just now...?
I stood there for a while.
But I can't stay like this.
The clouds are getting more and more suspicious.
I have to hurry to the abandoned factory.
I arrived at the abandoned factory around the time it turned into a dark cloud that looked like it might rain at any moment.
The interior was as dusty as ever, filled with the stench of oxidized oil
I immediately found a nearby workbench and decided to remove the glove on my right hand.
I’m used to exposed parts by now.
First, I slowly open and close my fingers.
The malfunction hadn't been fixed, and its movements had stopped midway through.
What could be the cause?
I took the light out of my bag and peeked at the arm area with the light shining on it.
It doesn't look like there's anything foreign inside.
...Which means it's probably a problem with the parts inside.
I took out the tool and began to disassemble my right hand.
I felt eerie as I disassembled my own hands.
Right now, I'm destroying myself.
If I were to take all of this apart, would I break?
Is that my “death”?
I wonder how that feels in the end.
If she died, where would this consciousness disappear to?
And if she reassembled it again, would this consciousness return?
Could it be said that she was alive?
Thinking about that in a corner of my mind as I disassembled it, I arrived at the cause of the malfunction.
The cylinder’s piston rod, which was distributing oil to her fingers, bent, and oil oozed out.
It's the part I removed once when I fixed Shiona's music box.
Back then, I used the oil inside the cylinder to adjust the gears in the music box.
It was only a small amount of oil, but it must have been necessary for her artificial fingers to keep running so precisely.
If even the smallest cracks pile up, it'll be a serious wound.
However, with the rod bent this far, even if I fix it half-heartedly, the oil leak might come back.
The most certain thing would probably be to trade these parts for a new one just like that.
I stood up and decided to search the area.
A half-finished Phylloid part lay on the floor.
In this part of the Phyllod Factory, there had to be parts lying around that fit her mold.
With my disassembled right arm still in place, I search the factory.
There were a lot of arms, legs, and torso parts lying around the factory.
The parts on its head were so elaborate that if you weren't careful, you would think it was the real thing for a moment.
From there, I searched for something that fit me.
Looking at my exposed right arm, I checked the number of parts I needed.
It looks like that's the model number for the parts we need.
I looked for the same model number from the parts of my arms lying around.
She must be using something really rare.
Even after examining the parts lying around the factory, the same model number didn't exist.
The decay of this factory is much more advanced than where I woke up.
I can tell it was abandoned a long time ago.
If that's the case, it's possible that the production date is different, and there aren't any parts for the same model.
Despite my impatience, as I continued searching for the parts, I discovered something labeled AR 115.
It looks extremely similar to the parts embedded in my arm.
But the piston rod and shaft are a little long.
With this, it looks like we'll be able to switch it out with just a little processing.
I put the arm attached to the AR 115 on the workbench and disassembled it.
Now that I've pulled out the parts, I compare them to the parts that were originally embedded in me—Homeroom 114.
Apparently, the output terminal that didn't exist in Homeroom 114 had been added to the AR 115.
There's nothing else to change.
I immediately try attaching that part to my arm.
Unlike when it was disassembled, installing it was a bit difficult.
I manage to finish installing it, even though I've dropped the screw over and over.
When I tried moving my fingers, I was able to open and close them just like before.
But every time, the dissonant sound of machines rubbing against each other echoes through the area.
Looks like she's out of lubrication.
Seeking oil, I made my way deeper into the factory.
As the smell of oxidized oil grew stronger, we arrived at a dark oil drum.
When I opened it, all of them were oxidized, so I couldn't use them.
But at the very back, I find a relatively new oil drum.
When I opened it, there was a small amount of oil inside, but less oxidized.
I scoop up the oil with the oil storage tank installed inside my arm.
Then, I put the tank back where it used to be.
After a while, the oil is automatically extracted, making the mechanical parts slip better.
When I tried moving it, I was able to open and close my fingers without dissonance.
I was able to fix it.
Seeing my fingers move smoothly, I felt the feeling of my chest clearing up.
I put my gloves back on, put the tools back in my bag, and left the factory.
Outside, the wind had gotten quite strong.
I hope it doesn't rain...
I hurried back to town.
In the middle of it all...
A white object had fallen to the ground.
It's flapping, as if being toyed with by a blowing wind.
After staring at it for a while, I realized it was a cape.
For the umpteenth time, I could see something wrapped inside.
It was shaped like a human.
No way, I hurriedly approached it, got down on one knee, and gently pulled up my cape.
There was a young man, gravely injured.
The blood flowing from his wounded arm----I knew immediately that he was a Human.
「A-Are you okay!?」
「Uu... uu...」
The young man let out a groan in response to my voice.
Her body was painfully injured, and it didn't look like she could stand up at all.
There are marks at the young man's feet, as if he's crawling.
There was blood on the mark, indicating just how cruel it was.
-I have to save her.
Something like a sense of duty seeps out of my chest and into my entire body.
「Please hang in there. Are you okay?!」
Throwing the bag over his shoulder to the ground, he picked the young man up.
The shaking of his body must have caused him pain, because the young man looked anguished and groaned even harder.
Then, as if clinging to something, she reached out her hand.
I immediately held out my open right hand.
She grabs my hand through her gloves.
Crap. I bite my navel in my heart.
But her grip was so weak that I couldn't shake her off.
The young man slowly opened his eyes and looked at me.
「Y-You...」
「A-Are you okay? There's a town nearby. I'll carry it right away.」
「Ma... tch...」
With vacant eyes, she murmured as if ruminating on my words.
Then, as if checking her own grip, she traced the glove with her limp fingers.
I'm sure she found out.
Through her gloves, she must have noticed a hard sensation different from that of a Human.
But I don't mind.
This isn't the kind of situation I should be worrying about.
「...Y-You're... in... a... town...」
「Ma...chi...sorry...」
The young man repeated, “Machi” like an incantation.
Her words were frail, as if she might disappear at any moment.
I decided to take the young man home.
I might be able to help this person now.
I folded my shoulders and dragged the young man away.
Her steps were heavy, and it took her quite some time to advance ten meters.
But I wanted to save this person... I wanted to save her so much.
「How long... have you been... in town?」
The man, on the verge of fainting, asks me a question.
「It's only been a week.」
「I... see... I... see...」
Over her shoulder, she could feel the young man weakening.
If I don't stay conscious, I might not be able to come back.
「Please hang in there. We'll be in town soon. It's not that big, but the townspeople are all warm.」
I desperately tried to talk to the young man.
If I could talk to her about something that would pique her interest even a little, I should be able to stop her from losing consciousness.
「I don't have a doctor, but I have a book, so I'm sure I know how to treat injuries.」
「...Hoh... nn...?」
「Yes! It's nothing. I'm sure I'll be able to investigate anything. So please do your best.」
「...Wha... nn... but... huh?」
「Yes! I'm sure of it!」
The young man took a long, deep breath, then murmured softly.
「...Throw it away...」
I didn’t know what she’d said.
I couldn't help but stop.
「...Just... throw me away like this...」
「Th-There's no way I can do that!」
「I was... attacked by Humans...」
「A Human...?」
「I was just... traveling in search of ideals... But ideals are... values...」
The young man took another long breath.
「Because of the difference in values... Humans... oppose each other, oppose each other, fight... become inhumanly... violent...」
「Th-That's not true. Humans are warm, able to share various things, and support each other.」
「Yeah, that's exactly what I want...」
The young man felt drained, as if he were exhaling all the breath he had taken so far.
「...Um, p-please hang in there! Hang in there!」
Was she just unconscious? Or...
An unpleasant thought swirled around in my head.
I gritted my teeth, looked straight ahead, and started walking toward the town.
In order to save this person in a second.
Before we knew it, it started raining, and it hit us hard on the back.
Raindrops poured into my gloves, but this was no time to worry about them.
I carried the young man to the church in a daze.
「Ray, why... Wh-What about that person?!」
Shiona greeted me in a panic.
「He collapsed on the way here! He's seriously injured!」
「Okay. Carry me to the back.」
Led by Shiona, I carried the young man to the room where the bed was.
When I laid her down on the white sheets, the rainwater and blood that had been on her body mixed together to form a red stain and spread out.
There was no sign of the young man regaining consciousness.
「Ray, I brought you some water.」
I raised the cup Shiona had given me to the young man’s mouth.
I poured a little water into it.
The young man's throat throbbed.
Even so, I couldn't regain consciousness.
Compared to when we first met, her complexion was considerably paler.
「Shiona, I'm going to the library! I'm sure there are medical books there!」
Shiona started to say something, then bit her lip.
I was curious about how she was doing, but right now, we're in a race for time.
I dashed out of the room, keeping an eye on Shiona.
And then, without a care for getting wet from the rain, I set out for the library.
「Ray, what's wrong? You're soaking wet.」
Tipi must have been surprised to see me running in, because she opened her big eyes wide and looked at me.
I asked, paying no mind to her unsteady breathing.
「Tippi... Do you have any medical books here?」
「Y-Yeah, I do.」
「Please, will you show me around right away?」
「...Okay.」
She must have sensed something.
Tipi showed me to that place right away.
「Is someone okay?」
Halfway down the road leading the way, Tipi asked, still facing forward
「Yeah... I'm hurt.」
「Ray? Shiona? Or...」
「No, you don't know him. So you don't have to look so sad.」
「But... But, but...」
Large tears streamed down her cheeks.
That young man is a stranger to Tippy.
And yet, and yet...
How kind of a girl is Tippy to be able to cry for that person’s sake?
「It's okay... It's okay.」
She picked Tipi up and gently wrapped her hands around her.
I can feel her hot tears through her clothes.
I could feel a small pain deep in my chest.
Fighting back the pain, I rummaged through the medical books.
But no matter how many books we have, we're just amateurs.
I didn’t know what the symptoms were, what kind of treatment to give, or even which book was correct.
As much as I could hold it in my hand, I took all the books back from the library.
I returned to the church, paying no mind to the book getting wet.
When I opened the door, a melody played from there.
It was the melody Shiona was singing.
That song alone was enough to recognize that this was a sacred place.
「Shiona, how are you doing?」
「No... I won't wake up. I did what I could, but...」
I run to the young man.
The bandage was probably Shiona’s treatment.
But the young man's face is even paler than before.
I violently opened the medical book.
I flipped through the pages to see if there was anything I could do.
But we were too reckless.
Even if it's a wonderful medical book, it's still just a stack of papers.
There's no way we, without technology, could have saved someone with medicine in the first place.
We were so powerless, so small.
Shiona began to sing quietly.
Unlike usual, it was a quiet investigation, like a requiem.
「...Mm... This song...」
The young man opened his eyes at Shiona’s song.
But that point of view is hollow, as if it might disappear at any moment.
「Do you know this song?」
「Yeah, it's a nostalgic song... I used to sing it all the time...」
The young man’s gaze traced the ceiling and turned to Shiona and me.
Instantly, the young man’s face changed to a gentle one.
「...Yeah, it was here... This is the world I wanted...」
「What do you mean? What kind of world are you looking for...?」
Are the young man’s ears deaf anymore? He won’t answer my question.
She just continued speaking one-sidedly.
「...The path of coexistence... A world of harmony...」
When the young man finished speaking, he quietly closed his eyes.
She didn't even twitch after that.
I felt something spill out from deep in my chest.
「Hey, Shiona, why aren't you opening your eyes? Are you asleep?」
「I'm losing all the strength I had until now...」
「Hey, I wonder why... I wonder if you're tired...」
An indescribable sense of loss sank deep into my chest like a dark cloud.
Pain runs through my chest as if it's been churned.
Shiona hugged me from behind.
That warmth helped me calm down a little.
I naturally put my hand on top of Shiona's, which was wrapped around my chest.
「Shiona... I... I...」
「Ray... Let's have a funeral.」
「A funeral...?」
「It's like a ritual performed when someone dies.」
「When someone died...」
With those words, I recognized it.
“Oh, this person’s dead,” I said.
「That is the only way to mourn the dead.」
I can't move while listening to Shiona's words.
I can't process the existence of death that appears before my eyes.
「Well then, I need to get ready, so can you help me?」
All I could do was give a short nod.
We started preparing for the funeral.
To mourn this young man whose name I don't even know.
As we prepared for the ceremony, there was one thing that really bothered me.
I had left Tipi in the library after all the tears she’d shed.
Was Tipi still crying?
In that dark library. Alone.
「Ray, what's wrong?」
While I was in the middle of decorating the altar, my hands had stopped moving, so Shiona spoke to me.
「Yeah... There's something that's been bothering me.」
「Something on your mind? What's wrong? About that man?」
「No, that's not it... It's about Tippy.」
「Tipii-chan? What happened to Tipii-chan?」
「When I went to get the medical books, I told Tippy everything I knew about him. And then he started crying... And awfully enough, I left him in the library.」
「You've turned blue, and you're still like that.」
「Yeah, that's right. That's why I thought you might still be crying...」
「...Yeah, maybe. I'm sure she's crying in the back of the library.」
It was easy to imagine her.
When I think about that, I can't help but feel helpless.
「Shiona, can I go check on Tippy for a bit?」
Shiona showed him a smile that looked a little sad.
「I have a little more time to prepare for the funeral. So I hope you'll come back soon.」
「Yeah, I know. I'll be back soon.」
「...Okay. Take care.」
Shiona turned to me with a somewhat sad smile after all.
I finished decorating the altar and headed to the library.
Holding the medical book I borrowed.
I walk through the small townscape, umbrella in hand.
There's something different about the town.
It was as if something important had been missing, and she’d lost it...
I ran through the town of loss and hurried to the library.
Silence surrounds the library, as if blocking out the sound of the rain.
—No, just one thing.
Except for the sound of the blue girl sobbing.
Relying on the girl's crying voice, I moved forward.
The girl was in her usual spot.
The girl was weeping as she drew as usual.
「Ray... Ray...」
When she recognized me, she reached out with a small hand.
I hugged her small body as if to answer.
The moment I hugged her, her slurping voice grew a little louder.
「Ray... What happened to him?」
Those words made it hard for me to breathe.
「Hey, Ray... Ray...」
「He's... hey... hey...」
Silence had become the answer.
Tipi must have realized everything, because she started crying loudly without accumulating any sadness.
For the sake of that young man I've never met, I'm shedding large tears.
Ah, I wonder why.
What is this pain in my chest?
The depths of my chest are churning.
It hurt my chest with pain from time to time.
I'm sure it's coming out of the wound in my chest.
It's pouring out of my eyes with a fever.
Before I knew it, I was crying.
I was weeping at the death of a young man whose name I didn't know.
Oh, I see.
This is 'sadness'.
It's blue emotion.
It's the emotion that's always burning in Tipi's heart.
It's so painful, so hard.
Tears streamed endlessly down my face.
I don't know how to stop it.
—No, that's not it.
I didn't want to stop her.
I wanted to keep flowing the hot drops that overflowed.
I'm sure these drops are the act of healing sadness.
By shedding the sadness that's built up deep in our hearts, we're keeping our hearts intact.
Thinking about it that way, the weight that had built up deep in my chest felt a little lighter.
And at the same time, I feel like the amount of tears flowing out has increased.
I cried.
We cried.
We sobbed, hugged each other, and cried.
Crying, crying, crying...
No matter how much time passes, my tears will never dry up.
The tears continued to flow, so that the sadness wouldn't wither away.
「Tippi, there's going to be a funeral soon.」
「...A girl? What... is that?」
「It's a ceremony to say goodbye to the dead. Shiona is preparing for it right now.」
「Dismissed...? Dismissed...?」
「We won't be able to see each other again.」
「I can't see you anymore... No!」
Tipi clung to me tightly.
Her arms were trembling slightly.
「I understand how you feel, Tippy. But I think it's because you're sad that you have to say goodbye properly.」
「I won't be able to see you again, so let's say goodbye and see you off. If you don't, I'm sure you'll be lonely and sad...」
「I'm lonely... I'm sad...」
「Yeah, I'm sure you're right. That's why I'm sending you off. Can you... make sure you don't get lonely and sad?」
Tipi slowly pulled herself away from me.
She looks up at me with a face that hasn't stopped crying.
「...I can do it. I can do it, Tippy.」
「I see. That's great, Tippy.」
When I patted her head, she looked a little happy.
But those tears would never stop.
「Okay, let's go... Can you stand?」
「Yeah... Wait a minute.」
Tipi stood up and picked up the teddy bear.
The stuffed animal that was always with her was still in her arms.
We held hands and headed for the church in the rain.
「Father, who is a loving god, I entrust you with the young man who believed in the only child you were made to serve, who ended his journey through life in the hope of eternal life.」
「Please remove all the burdens of these siblings as they leave us, guide them to a dwelling prepared for the heavens, and join the gathering of saints.」
「We, who are in the midst of the sadness of separation, may be supported by the hope of resurrection that our master has promised us, and may share eternal joy with the child who has been summoned to you.」
The inside of the church, where Shiona’s voice echoed, was overflowing with attendees
No one has ever seen that young man before.
No one should know that young man.
Even so, everyone gathered here mourned the young man’s death.
I thought this was the feeling of caring for others, the connection between people.
Everyone clasped their hands in front of their chests and quietly closed their eyes in prayer.
Tipi and I followed suit.
Shiona’s voice echoed loudly through the church.
It almost sounded like a song she was offering to the young man...
After the funeral, the young man is buried in the graveyard behind the church.
Everyone in town walked over to the coffin one by one to say their final farewells and bid them farewell.
Good luck with your next life...
Let's meet again someday...
Eternal repose...
I say whatever I want.
「Come on, Tippy.」
In our turn, we approached the coffin.
Tipi stared at the coffin containing the young man.
The tears she’d shown him just before the funeral were no longer there, but simply stared expressionlessly at the young man.
It was as if she had lost her emotions.
Just silently.
She stared intently at the coffin.
Seeing her like that made me uneasy, so I tried to call out to Tipi.
But a moment later, she opened her mouth.
She murmured in a small voice.
Several hours passed.
A rare light shone through the clouds where the rain had stopped.
It was rare for sunlight to shine through the gray, murky sky.
But I wasn't captivated by the beautiful scenery.
It was because he was worried about the expression he’d seen on Tippy’s face during the funeral.
Her expression was too empty to be called that sadness.
I don't know what that means.
Even so, there was one thing I thought about.
I want to be by her side.
He wanted to stay by Tipi’s side and call out to her.
And I want to heal that sadness.
Those feelings are building up inside me.
When I tried to open the door to the room, Shiona stopped me.
「Yeah, I thought I'd go see Tippy.」
「Tippi looked really sad at the funeral, so I got worried.」
「I see... But you know, I'm worried about Ray.」
「Yeah. Because Ray looks really sad.」
「You look sad...?」
I try touching my cheek with my hand.
「Then you won't understand, right? Come on, come here.」
Pulling me by the hand into the living room, I stood in front of the mirror.
「See? You look sad, don't you?」
My face in the mirror... was blue.
Shiona always referred to Tipi as “blue,” and I understood exactly what she meant.
Right now, I'm making the same face as Tippy.
Her heart was quiet, but the strength drained from her body, and her expression was sunken, as if pulled down by gravity.
「...Yeah, this is the first time I've seen my face like this.」
This is... sadness.
Even if you don't cry, when you're caught up in this emotion, your expression becomes so blue.
「People have passed away. It's only natural that you'd make that face.」
I wonder... how this feeling is necessary for me to live...
It’s bitter... It’s painful... It’s heavy, it hurts, it’s cold...
I looked at Shiona’s expression through the mirror.
But there was something sad and fleeting about her smile.
I'm sure she's smiling bravely.
Just thinking about it made my chest ache a little.
「You're important to me too, Tippy-chan. But first, I want you to take care of yourself.」
「Am I... important to you?」
「Yeah, that's right. Ray cares about Ray himself.」
「I've never thought about... taking care of myself.」
「You're so kind, Ray. That's why I'm sure you prioritize other people over yourself.」
「But that's what I want to do.」
「I'm a little sad about that. I don't want Ray to push himself too hard.」
「I'm not forcing myself.」
「Really? I don't think so.」
Shiona's arm wrapped around mine.
「...I'm worried.」
I felt my heart rate go up.
I don't know what it is.
But it was definitely shaking my emotions.
I felt kindness in that warmth.
...No, more than kindness... I feel a different kind of warmth from touching my skin.
「Hey, Ray, why don't we have tea?」
「...Tea? Why?」
「When you drink something warm and fluffy, your heart goes soft. Your body and mind relax, and it feels really good.」
「But Tipi...」
「I'm sure you're shaken by the death of someone. But I'm sure you'll overcome it. To that end, let's leave you alone for a bit. Being alone is very important, you know?」
「You think so?」
「Yeah, I'm sure you're right. After all, if you don't, you won't be able to get stronger.」
「People can overcome barriers and sadness to become stronger. But it's hard to grow if you have someone helping you every time. Let's leave it alone for today so you can grow up, okay?」
Tipi is weak.
She's always crying.
But if this is my chance to grow...
I'll accept that.
「Shiona, will you make some tea?」
「Of course. Could you sit in a chair and wait for me?」
I sat down on the sofa and waited for Shiona’s tea.
After waiting a while, a pleasant aroma filled the room.
「Sorry to keep you waiting. Here's your special tea. Eat up.」
The tea cup she held out to me was filled with orange drinks.
There was a faint sourness and a faintly sweet scent.
「Like this. It's been a while since I've had a nice long chat with Ray.」
「Yeah, you're right. A lot happened...」
「Ray, how are your memories?」
「No, I don't think I'll be able to go back yet.」
「I see... But there's no need to rush. You might suddenly remember.」
「Yeah, thank you... But I'm sorry.」
「My apologies? For what?」
「I've been freeloading, but I haven't been able to repay you for that.」
「That's not true. I'm happy just to have Ray by my side.」
「But that's not repaying me at all.」
「That's not all. You fixed the music box... and that's how I learned to sing.」
「Shiona was singing before that, wasn't she?」
「But it's a lot different without a melody. You know, we played together in the plaza, right? Actually, I've been singing there many times.」
「By yourself... in that place?」
「Yeah. But at the time, no one listened to me.」
「Even though you have such a wonderful singing voice? It's strange.」
「Hehehe, thank you. But that's just how it is. That's why I was so happy when Ray brought the music box with me.」
「No way... I was just spinning the music box.」
「That makes me happy. More than anything, I'm happy that you're with me.」
「It's the same for me. I'm happy to be with you.」
「...Hehe. Thank you. Ray, you're really getting emotional.」
「Emotions? Me?」
「Yes. You're much more expressive than you were when we first met.」
It was what I wanted, what I wanted.
It was something she had craved ever since waking up.
Having Shiona tell me that filled my heart.
That's what she told me when I was incomplete, that I was close to Human... to Shiona.
「I'm sure that's because Shiona was smiling next to me.」
「Really? I didn't do anything.」
「No, it's because you're here. Thank you. I'm grateful.」
「If you're going to say that, it's me. Thank you, Ray.」
「I should be the one thanking you.」
「I'm the one... Hehe, that's strange. The two of us thanking each other all the time.」
「You're right. I wonder what we're doing.」
「...But it's strange.」
「What's so funny?」
「It's strange that you think it'd be nice if this time could go on forever, right?」
「...No, not at all. I was thinking the same thing...」
「...Can I go over there?」
Shiona sat down next to me.
I can feel her warmth from this distance.
We were the closest we’d ever been.
「Huh...? I wonder what it is...」
「What's wrong?」
「My body feels kind of weird. My chest... it's throbbing.」
Could it be that it broke down? It would be a problem if it was such a serious malfunction that maintenance was required.
「Don't worry. I'm the same way. My heart's beating like crazy.」
「Huh? A-Are you okay? Doesn't it hurt?」
「Yeah. This is a wonderful thing.」
Shiona gently bashfully placed her hand on top of mine.
Softly, as if to envelop her.
In response, I turned my wrist back. As if our palms were touching... so that our fingers could intertwine.
I felt Shiona's warmth even more strongly.
And that warmth warms the depths of my chest.
「It's warm deep in my chest, like this, slowly...」
「My breasts...? Here...?」
Shiona reached for my chest.
The place I touched instantly became hot.
「Your hand feels really hot... I wonder why. Maybe you're sick.」
「No, that's not true.」
「Do you know the cause, Shiona?」
「Yeah, probably.」
「Tell me.」
「Hehe, what should I do?」
「Don't be mean. I'm curious.」
「Hmm... But this isn't just Ray.」
「Getting hot?」
「Yes, that's right. My chest is really hot right now too.」
「Same for Shiona?」
「Yeah, it's the same. It might be more serious than Ray's.」
「That's terrible! How can I get better?」
「No, I can't... I don't need to.」
「It's hot in my chest, and it's squeezing, and it hurts, and it hurts, and it hurts, and it's warm, but it's warm... That's fine. That's what's good about you, Ray.」
Shiona’s hand, which overlapped with mine, grew slightly hotter.
I squeezed her hand back.
「Ray, please.」
「I want you to be with me forever.」
「Yeah... Stay with me forever, okay?」
「Yeah... I promise.」
「Thank you, Ray. I'm very happy... Very, very happy...」
Shiona rested her head on my chest.
I felt like that would fill my heart.
It's similar to the joy I felt before, but stronger than that.
What would Humans call this?
I wanted to ask Shiona, but I thought it would be boorish to cut off this atmosphere.
That’s why, just like that...I’ll give myself over to time with Shiona.
A sweet-smelling tea was prepared on the table. We stayed like that until that steam ran out.
The next day, after breakfast, I was preparing to go out.
Shiona, who had been washing the dishes, called out to me.
「I was thinking of going to the library.」
「Are you... going to the library to see Tippy?」
「Yeah, that's the plan.」
「I'm sure Tipi-chan's still in the middle of overcoming it. So let's just leave her be, okay?」
「Yeah... But when I think about how lonely I'd be if I couldn't get over it, I just can't ignore it.」
Just like how Shiona was by my side yesterday and felt warm, I think I can support her just by being near her.
「Don't worry. You're not that weak, Tippy-chan.」
「You think so...?」
「Yeah, I'm sure you're right. More importantly, Ray, I have a request. Why don't we go to the plaza today?」
「In the plaza? Why?」
「I thought... I'd take the music box and sing again.」
「Yeah, something sad happened, didn't it? So it's important to be able to rest.」
「Can I rest my feelings...?」
「I'm sure the townspeople are feeling down because of the funeral. So don't you want to brighten everyone's mood?」
「...Everyone in town? Of course I think so.」
It hurts to see her sad face.
If possible, I wish I could heal that sadness.
「It's our melody that can do that. I'm sure the town will cheer up.」
「I see... I guess so.」
「Yeah, I'm sure you're right. Come on, let's get ready.」
At Shiona’s urging, I reached for the music box.
The music box we maintain every day is ready to play music at any time.
We set out for the plaza.
It was early afternoon in the cloudy sky.
There were few people here.
「There's no one here, Shiona.」
「It's always like this at this time of day. Before Ray came.」
「Before I came...?」
「I told you, didn't I? Ever since Ray started playing music, everyone's been listening to me sing. The townspeople have been changing little by little. We've been going out more and more, and we've been interacting with each other more. I feel like we've been connecting more and more.」
「Is it... because I came?」
「Yes, I think so. Ever since Ray came, the townspeople have changed. For the better, of course.」
Those words made me very happy.
I'm being useful to someone.
That fact won't stop me from being happy.
「Ray, you look happy.」
「Yeah. Your face is smiling.」
「My cheek?」
「Yeah, here――」
Shiona's fingertips touched my cheek.
Just from that, I felt another warmth deep in my chest.
「My face feels kind of hot.」
「Ray, are you embarrassed? Ahaha.」
My face gets even hotter.
It seemed Shiona had hit the nail on the head.
「Well then, Ray, shall we begin?」
「Yeah, are you ready?」
「Anytime.」
Shiona slowly closed her eyes.
I felt like I wanted to watch her beautiful profile forever.
But I also want to hear Shiona sing just as much.
That's why I slowly began to turn the music box's handle.
Shiona’s singing voice rode the melody.
The two melodies unraveled together, and a beautiful tone echoed through the area.
Soon, people began to gather.
At first, the people looked a little gloomy, but they gradually regained their smiles.
And before I knew it, a ring of big smiles had spread across the plaza.
Child A of the Town
Town Person A
Town Person B
Town Person C
People of the Town D
Various people's smiles and words flew back and forth.
Yeah, this is it.
This is what I was looking for.
The people are smiling happily.
Every time I see that smile, my joy amplifies.
I was sad that that girl wasn't in that circle.
The girl in blue in the back of the library.
A girl who would never come here.
That girl still holed up in the library.
All I could think about was that girl.
Shiona’s voice brought me back to my senses.
「Sorry, I was just thinking about something.」
「I see... Everyone's already gone home.」
When I looked around, I saw that the people who had formed such a large circle had become sparse.
I've been lost in thought for a very long time.
「What were you thinking?」
「Nn... No... Not really...」
「Want me to guess? It's about Tippy-chan, right?」
She saw right through me. So I nod obediently.
「...Yeah, that's right.」
「I knew it... Do you really want to know?」
「Yeah, I'm curious. She's still such a small girl, after all.」
「A little girl, huh... Yeah.」
「Besides, I'm always alone. How could I not be lonely?」
「But it's always been that way. I'm used to it by now.」
「That's not true.」
「Didn't Shiona say that the townspeople have changed since I arrived?」
「Yeah, you're right...」
「Then I want you to change too, Tippy. It's wrong to be lonely.」
I told her to return what Shiona had taught me.
Accepting his words, Shiona’s smile clouded slightly
She looked in the direction of the library, closed her mouth for a moment, then looked back at me again and smiled.
「Ray, let's go home, okay?」
「It's going to rain this afternoon. Come on, let's go home... okay? I'll make some fluffy white soup.」
Pulled by Shiona’s hand, I half-forced my way out of the plaza.
A few hours later.
I was about to leave the house, but Shiona stopped me again.
「Umm, I wanted to read a book...」
「If you're looking for books, there's a few that Onii-chan was reading.」
「That's not it... Umm, I'm sure it's a book in a genre that doesn't exist here.」
「What kind of genre is it?」
「It's a machine book. I got interested in it after I repaired Mud-san's the other day.」
「I see. I'm glad you're interested in something, Ray.」
「Yeah, thanks. So I'm going to the library.」
「Does that have to be today?」
「Yeah, the sooner the better. I want to read it as soon as possible.」
「But it's going to rain soon.」
「The weather has nothing to do with it. Let's go to the rain.」
「But the book might get wet, you know?」
「Don't worry, I'll take your bag.」
「Hmm... In that case, I'll go borrow it for you.」
「Huh? No, it's fine. I'll go myself.」
「No, it's fine. I just happened to be shopping, so I'll go while I'm at it.」
With that, Shiona returned to her room.
I wonder why.
I feel like Shiona is trying to keep me away from the library.
No, that's not it.
It would probably be more accurate to say it to Tippy.
I don't know what that means, but it seems like it's true that she doesn't want me to see her.
Shiona spoke calmly, but I could tell how she felt.
But why in the world?
「I'm ready, Ray. What kind of book should I borrow?」
「I don't think you'll understand even if I tell you, so I'll go with you.」
「No, I'm fine. Take your time, Ray.」
「Then... I want you to borrow a book with electronic circuits on it.」
「Electric circuits, huh? Got it. I'll be going, then.」
Shiona left.
We wait for a few minutes.
Shiona should be out of sight by now.
I put my hand on the door leading outside.
...That's strange.
It's not locked.
But the door never opened.
It's like it's been barred from the outside.
—Maybe that’s it.
When Shiona left, she locked the door from the outside so that I wouldn't notice.
That's why I can't leave through this door.
――But why?
――For what purpose?
I returned to the living room, clutching my head.
I look at the table and notice that there's a piece of paper on it.
It was a letter from Shiona.
To Ray.
It's locked. I'm sure you were surprised.
Do you remember when I told you that a nearby town was attacked?
So, as a precaution, I'll lock the door.
Watch the house, please.
I've prepared soup and bread for the meal.
Please warm it up and eat it.
Never go outside.
Even that dead young man had told me stories about Humans repeatedly pillaging.
Maybe that Human is coming near here.
If that was the case, it would be dangerous to go outside.
I see. Shiona was worried about me.
But in that case, it would be dangerous for Shiona to go outside.
Shouldn't I have actually gone shopping as a guy?
――You can't fool me......
It was probably true that there were Humans plundering.
Even if that was the case, would it be necessary to lock the door from the outside?
In fact, if it was locked from the outside, it would also be possible to unlock it from the outside.
It'll be easy to get into the house.
――That's strange.
If she really had been wary of the plundering Humans, there was no way she would have sung in the plaza yesterday.
There was no way they would go out of their way to gather people.
In that case, why?
—There was only one thing I could think of.
You locked me up.
It's to keep me from getting close to Tippy.
There was no way Shiona would do this without thinking.
There's always a reason.
And I'm sure that's something she's doing for me.
...Could something have happened to Tippy?
Isn't she trying not to let me know about it?
It's not good for me... so that I won't be sad when I learn about it...
I couldn't stand or stay here.
I want to see Tippy. I want to find out.
Alone in the library, the blue girl continues to cry.
I wanted to wipe away the girl's tears.
I look around the church.
There was a window quite high up.
Even if we can climb up, there's no guarantee that we'll be able to get outside and get down.
But that's the only way out of here.
Suddenly, a white cloth caught my eye.
The curtains swayed in the wind.
There were a number of them in the room, and they looked long, large, and sturdy to cover the large windows.
I removed all the curtains from the windows.
There was no sign of sunlight pouring down from the dark clouds-closed sky.
When I tied the five curtains together on the table, it turned out to be pretty long.
It's long enough to go down to the first floor.
I tied the edge of the curtain to the lattice of the window.
I wrapped it in layers, checking its strength over and over.
Don't worry.
I'll be able to support my weight alone.
I tied the other end of the curtain to myself.
Then she made up her mind and leaned out the window.
The ground I can see from there is very far away.
I feel a little faint, but I can't pull away from here.
Gripping the curtains, I lowered my body bit by bit.
Along the way, a strong wind shook me.
It was all I could do to cling to the curtains as my body pendulumed.
We waited a few minutes for the wind to stop.
I take a deep breath and resume the process of lowering my body.
It probably took about ten minutes for my feet to finally reach the ground.
My body was so exhausted that I almost fell on my butt on the spot without thinking.
But there was no time to rest here.
I started walking toward the library, where the blue girl was waiting.
It began to rain quietly, as if to interfere with my thoughts.
As if to moisten the parched town, its momentum gradually increased.
I didn't have an umbrella, so I walked forward without fear of getting wet.
Her wet clothes clung to her bare skin, bringing me disgust.
I shielded my gloved right hand from the rain.
A puddle began to form at my feet, and I began to hear distant thunder as well.
Her ragged breathing brought rainwater to her mouth from time to time.
In contrast to my burning body, the cold rain hits me from outside.
As the rain of rusty flavors poured out of my mouth, I finally arrived.
In that library, where the blue girl is waiting alone.
It was dim inside, with no light leaking out at all.
Is she buried in that dark sea of books again?
Just thinking about it made my heart ache terribly.
We entered the entrance and proceeded deeper into the room where the blue girl was waiting.
「So you're here...」
A voice reached me from the back.
It wasn't Tipi's.
The one who kept me away from here...
「Didn't I tell you in the letter that you can't leave because it's dangerous outside? Maybe you haven't seen it?」
「No, I saw it.」
「I see... So that's why you came here. You're a bad girl, Ray.」
“Hehe.” I could hear Shiona’s laughter.
But I can't really see her expression in the dimly lit complex.
「Why did you lock me up?」
「I can't believe I locked you up... But that's how it turned out. I'm sorry.」
「You have a reason, don't you? If you don't mind, could you tell me?」
「...The reason? The reason is simple. I don't want you to see me.」
「You don't want me to see you...?」
「To the blue girl up ahead.」
「To Tippy? Why?」
「I can't say that. It's top secret.」
「Wait, I don't understand what you're saying. Why am I not allowed to see Tipi?」
「That's... no good.」
「That's not a reason! Tell me.」
「I can't tell you why.」
I couldn't help but speak louder.
At the same time, I realized that my chest was turning red and hot.
Is this anger?
Am I feeling anger towards Shiona...?
That's not my intention. I just want you to tell me the truth.
But what I’d just said seemed to upset Shiona.
I couldn't see her expression clearly in the darkness, but the atmosphere she gave me had changed.
The atmosphere is hesitant to say anything.
Shiona opened her mouth slightly and was about to say something...but then she stopped herself.
Then she pulled her chin back as if looking down, and let the words slip out in a whisper.
「...It's because you'll be unhappy.」
「Unfortunately? Who?」
「...Ray and I... All the people who live in this town, I guess.」
「The townspeople? Because we met? I don't know what you're talking about.」
「Yeah, you might not know right now, but I'm sure you'll regret it.」
「Why do you regret it? Come on, Shiona, say it out loud. I'm not smart, so I don't know. If you don't say it out loud...」
「In other words, this is...」
The sound of boots.
Shiona approached me through the dimly lit entrance.
The next moment, I felt warmth.
And soft.
Shiona was hugging me.
「Shiona... Huh? Wh-What...?」
「Please, Ray... Why don't you go home with me?」
「Just like this...? What do you mean?」
「It's not good for Ray and Tippy to meet. Or to be more precise, it's bad for them to meet. So...」
「Could it be that I angered you? Is that why you don't want to see me?」
「No, the opposite. Tippy loves Ray.」
「In that case――」
「That's why I can't see you. Please understand.」
Shiona’s arms tightened around her waist.
A sweet scent enveloped my entire body, making my head spin.
「...Is that Shiona's wish?」
「Yes, that's right. It's a request from my heart.」
「What would Shiona think if I met Tipi?」
「It's very, very sad. I think it's so blue that it stings.」
「Why? Why do you feel that way, Shiona?」
Shiona pulled her face away from me and looked up at me...
She spoke boldly.
「Ray... Because I love you.」
「Su...ki...?」
Those words almost made me stop thinking.
A sweet sigh.
My lips and lips feel like they're about to touch.
A hand wrapped around my waist.
The warmth of her body.
We were infinitely close.
And those were her words.
It's just two words connected together, but there's a very deep emotion behind it.
These words filled my heart with incredible force.
He felt a greater sense of 'happiness' than ever before.
Something that someone needs. Something that someone specific pours more than a certain amount of emotion into.
I don't know any more joy than this.
And now, I'm trying to obtain that joy.
I wrapped my exhausted arms around Shiona’s back.
Shiona accepted it.
Deep in my chest, I feel more and more warm.
「Shiona, I...」
「Yeah, Ray. I know. So let's go home...」
Shiona's hand was joined to mine.
I turned around and moved my feet to the exit of the library.
「...Thank you, Ray. But this is fine. This is for Ray.」
Shiona’s words made me feel uncomfortable.
I suddenly stopped walking, and Shiona called out to me curiously.
「Shiona, you just said it was for my sake, didn't you?」
「Yeah, I did say that.」
「You're wrong, Shiona.」
「No? What's the difference, Ray?」
「If you're saying it's for my sake, then this is different.」
「You're not wrong. This is for Ray's sake.」
「No. After all, I'm happy to be useful to someone. I'm here to be useful to someone. But right now, I'm trying to disappear from that useful person's sight. That's not my joy, and it's not for me. So, who are you doing this for?」
「Shiona, I'm going to go see Tippy. It's not for anyone, it's for myself. If this makes someone unhappy, it's my fault. But even if it does, I won't stop. After all, it's the result of what I wanted.」
I let go of Shiona's hand and charged through the entrance again.
Shiona's voice never reached my back.
Shiona just stared at me, not saying a word, with a sad expression on her face.
I pass through the rainy-smelling entrance and head deeper into the library.
I could feel the moisture on the soles of my shoes being sucked into the carpet every time I walked.
The dry atmosphere of the library clung to my wet skin.
I can't help but feel sick.
Perhaps that had something to do with the incident with Shiona, who had parted ways with him earlier.
I feel a pain deep in my chest, as if I've swallowed something heavy.
Shiona’s face passed over and over again.
All of them had sad smiles on their faces.
Why did it end up like this?
Why did I do this?
A wave of regret washed over me.
But I couldn't let my legs rest.
—That girl is in the back.
The girl who was always alone.
She's always the blue girl.
The girl who always sheds tears.
I couldn't leave the girl alone.
That's why I'm walking down this hallway.
There was a painting on the wall of the hallway.
These were the pictures that Tippy was said to be writing one by one each day.
Written on brand-new paper was a picture of a girl.
I can tell who the girl is right away.
There's a small girl drawn on a large sheet of paper.
Tears stream down her cheeks.
Every painting these days had the same composition.
A picture of a lone girl crying.
Looking at the picture made my heart ache.
The girl had always been alone.
I felt like I could understand that sadness.
I want to wipe away that sadness as soon as possible.
I wanted to tell you that you weren't alone.
I wanted to tell her that I was by her side.
She dragged the wet soles of her shoes down the long hallway.
As I gazed at the painting at a height where Tippy could reach, I made my way forward.
Just then, something suddenly felt off.
It wasn't because of the contents of the painting.
The problem is the number of pictures.
No matter how Tipi looked at it, she was a young girl.
Assuming she drew pictures every day, would she really be able to write this many pictures?
...Maybe there were days when I wrote a few cards a day.
Even so, the number of pictures in this picture was impossible.
Was the girl that lonely?
Was there nothing else to do but draw?
Ah, why did I leave the girl alone?
How many tears did that make her shed?
The girl in the painting was shedding more tears with each passing day.
It's a sign of the girl's sadness growing deeper.
I hurried.
Towards the back of this room, to the girl who must be crying alone.
To soothe that sadness.
And to wipe away those tears.
To embrace the girl. To embrace her body with both hands.
I walked so fast that my breath caught in my throat and headed for the deepest part of the library.
The girl who should have been there all the time was nowhere to be seen.
The teddy bear I've been keeping close to me all day and night isn't there, either.
All that was there was a half-drawn painting and crayon.
In the half-drawn picture, there was a girl crying all alone.
—Where did Tipi go?
I searched the surrounding bookshelves, but I couldn't find her anywhere.
Is she somewhere in this library?
Or is it outside this library?
I don't know the truth.
That was something she wouldn’t know until she looked for Tippy.
I started walking.
I weaved through the bookshelves, searching for the blue girl.
The vast grounds of the library weren’t suitable for searching for people.
On top of that, it's so dark.
Just looking at it from the edge of the bookshelf wasn't enough to search for it.
One step at a time, I'll have to check it out with my own two feet.
I paraded between the bookshelves from the back of the library toward the entrance.
At some point, her clothes, which should have been wet, had begun to dry.
And then, around the time my hair was completely dry...
Finally, I found the girl.
The girl was riding on a large stepladder, lining up the books on the shelf.
The girl is a resident of this library, and also serves as a librarian.
They were probably returning the books the townspeople had returned to their original locations like this.
That would be harsh for this little girl.
The thousands of bookshelves in this library were stacked and lined up high enough to reach the ceiling.
I don't even want to think about how many books there are in the library.
The girl must be facing such a large number of books and managing them like this every day.
All alone in this library.
When I thought about that, for some reason, I couldn't help but feel a tightness in my chest.
Tipi stood on her tiptoes atop the stepladder, returning the book, which was bigger than her face, to the shelf.
Just as I finished that work and took a breather, Tippy turned her face toward me.
「...Ray! ...Wah, wawawawa...」
Noticing my presence, Tippy loses her balance on the stepladder.
「Watch out, Tippy!!」
The stepladder falls over.
She holds out her hand.
Responding to her hand, I reached out both of my hands.
—A shock runs from my chest to my back.
The next thing I knew, I was clutching Tipi to my chest, falling onto the floor from behind.
「Ray... You came, Ray...!!」
Tipi was rubbing her cheek against mine over and over in my chest.
Out of relief, I patted Tippy on the head.
Her soft hair welcomed my hand.
「Tippi, are you hurt anywhere? Are you hurt?」
「Yeah, I'm fine. Is there anywhere you want to go?」
「I'm fine. Thanks for worrying about me.」
「You saved Tipi... I love you, Ray...」
The little girl's hand gripped my clothes.
I felt a slightly wet sensation and warmth in my chest.
Tipi is crying.
But it looked like a different kind of tear than usual.
I'm sure those are tears of comfort.
With me here, I'm sure she's able to lighten Tipi's heart a little.
The thought filled me with joy.
「Tipii, you really were lining up. Isn't that great? Isn't that great?」
「Yeah, that's great. She's a really good girl.」
「Hey, pat me. I'm a good girl, so pat me on the head.」
「Yeah... Tipi is a good girl, a good girl...」
I stroked her silky hair.
「Yay... Ray's patting my head. I'm so happy, Tippy...」
「Do you always line up books?」
「Yeah. I'm just making cucumbers. I want lots of people to read them.」
I look up at the bookshelves.
Indeed, some of the books were quite old-fashioned.
Some of the spines were worn, while others were discolored.
Is Tippy repairing these...?
I couldn't help but remember that the rain had drenched the book.
If you treat it roughly, you'll end up with more work for Tippy like this.
I swore from the bottom of my heart that I would treat her with care.
I sat up and leaned back against a nearby bookshelf.
「Sorry I'm late.」
「It's okay... Ray came here like this.」
「Were you okay on your own?」
「No... I was very, very lonely.」
「Were you crying?」
「Yeah... Yeah, yeah...」
Tippy presses her face against my chest.
I could hear her sobbing from time to time.
「Don't worry. We'll be together forever.」
「Forever? Ray, are you going to be with Tippy?」
「Yeah, that's right. I'll try to come to the library as much as possible.」
「Would you come with me?」
Tippy looked up.
Large tears pooled in her eyes.
「That's a little difficult. Shiona is taking care of me right now.」
「But I'll come every day. That's not lonely, is it?」
「Yeah... But Yoru is really lonely.」
「Night, huh...」
「It's so dark, so quiet... I sometimes think that you might be all alone in the world.」
「That's not true. That's not true...」
All I could do was hug Tipi.
There's a sweet scent coming from Tipi.
A sweet scent, different from Shiona’s.
「Yeah, I know... Just being here makes me happy. Hey, Ray. Can I ask you to do it?」
「Yeah, what is it, Tippy?」
「Will you help me with my bed?」
「Yeah... Of course, it's a small price to pay.」
Standing up, I hold hands with Tippy.
Pushing the cart full of several books, I paraded through the library.
「Next is... umm, a book called 'Philosophy of Mind and Body'.」
「In that case, it's the 3rd from 493, the 3rd from 493, and the 13th from Migi.」
When she said the title of the book, Tippy didn’t miss a beat as she spoke of the place.
It was as if she had a grasp on all the books in this library.
There's definitely a book's worth of space in the place she told me to go.
When I put it in, it fits perfectly.
Tipi wasn’t just spouting random nonsense.
She shows me the location of the book with conviction.
Interested, I decided to ask a slightly mean question.
「Hey, Tippy, can I ask you something?」
「Do you remember the first part of this novel?」
I held out a rather old-fashioned novel.
Tipi stared at the title and began reading aloud, as if she were opening a book in her head.
「‘Looking down, there was a height of five floors. There was cream-colored brick laid out right next to the school building, making a sidewalk that looked like it would feel good if you took a walk. There was a flower bed right next to the sidewalk, and you could see colorful flowers even from this height. If I threw myself from here, would the cream color, flowers, and everything else be stained with my filthy blood?’」
Each word, without a doubt, Tipi read it aloud.
It matched the handwritten characters in the novel perfectly.
「Could it be that you remember all the books here?」
「Hmm... I don't know.」
「Then what about this book?」
Glancing at the book she held out to him, Tippy recited it as if it were flowing.
「'There are about 206 bones that make up the human body, from the head to the occipital bones, frontal bones, temporal bones, parietal bones, butterfly-shaped bones, sieve bones, hammer bones, kinuta bones, stirrups, lower nasal kosuke, tear bones, nasal bones, spade bones, upper jaw bones, uvula bones, cheekbones, lower jawbones, tongue bones, from there to cervical vertebrae, rib cage, hip vertebrae, adepti, tail vertebrae, rib cage, rib cage, sternum.'」
「...Then what about this?」
I held out a handwritten book that said pi.
「What's the beginning of this Mukonshi theory?」
「'All things are finite, and even souls are no exception. Children born after their souls are depleted must be soulless vessels. Edward-Morg.'」
Tippy memorized all the books here.
But why?
Even if she had incredible memorization skills, she would need to read these books first.
Even if you keep reading every day, you'll never be able to read this sea of books.
What the hell is going on here...?
「Ray, what's wrong?」
「No, it's nothing. Now, let's put away the next book.」
There was no point in thinking about not having an answer.
For now, let's focus on helping out with Tippy's work.
After putting all the books back on the shelf, we sat down in our usual spot.
「Ray, thank you for taking care of me.」
Tipi is fawning over me even more than usual.
Was it a reaction to not being able to see her until now?
The sight of her approaching me was adorable and adorable.
「It's okay, Tippy. You usually do it alone, don't you?」
「Yeah... I'll always be alone. I'm lonely.」
「...How long have you been alone?」
That might have been a forbidden question.
Tipi looked up at me sadly.
「I've been alone for a while now.」
And then, Tippy told me.
A sad story about Tipi until she was alone.
「Papa! Mama!」
That was back when Tipi’s parents were still in the library.
I loved the girl.
I loved my kind mother and father.
Her mother was always smiling and gently hugging Tipi.
Her father was always kind enough to watch the two of them as they organized their books.
「You're as spoiled as ever, Tipi.」
His father took out an electronic terminal for books from his desk.
「Whoops, that's right. You like this better, don't you?」
Smiling wryly, she put away her electronic terminal and took out a “book” made of paper instead.
The technology known as printing had already gone out of fashion, and now it was a valuable cultural artifact.
「Tipii-chan, welcome.」
Her mother called out to her on her lap, and she happily sat down.
And atop Tippy’s lap like that was the stuffed bear her parents had chosen for her.
Every day was fun for Tippy.
The days I spent with my beloved mother and father were fun.
And there weren't any days when I didn't feel happy.
Her mother always praised the pictures Tipi drew.
「I'm sure he'll be an artist in the end. Dad's proud of himself.」
Her father had always held hope for Tippy’s future.
I hope those days go on forever.
I want the three of us to be together forever.
That’s what Tipi always thought.
Before I knew it, the number of days when my parents furrowed their brows increased.
Tipi didn’t like that expression.
The town was also hectic.
All the adults were talking about something.
But the young Tipi didn’t understand what that meant.
All I was worried about was that my normal life would be ruined.
One day, the phone rang.
The sound sounded very sad to Tipi.
When he answered the phone, his father's brow began to furrow.
It was that expression that Tipi didn’t like.
Her father, who had put down the phone, was talking to his mother about something.
After a while, the conversation turned into an argument.
They were arguing about something.
The only thing I know is that watching them argue is very sad.
「Tipii-chan, will you listen?」
A short while after that, her mother met Tipi’s gaze with a meek expression
Behind him was his father—and his packed luggage.
Tipi’s intuition told her that she couldn’t keep living until now.
「Something terrible is happening in the world right now.」
「A lot of people are scared, and I can't sleep. You don't want that, right?」
「There are children all over the world who think that way. If possible, I'd like to help them.」
「Yes... I was sure that's what you'd say, Tippi-chan... Anyway, Tippi-chan, we have something important to discuss from here on out. You don't have to understand, so will you listen?」
「Actually, I have to go far away to save Mom and Dad and their children. Even if we go, we might not be able to change the situation... But that's a possibility.」
「No. It's much, much farther. It's so far away that it'll take days and weeks to get there.」
Just as Tippy was about to head to her room, her father stopped her.
「There's no need for you to prepare for the trip, Tippy.」
「That's not it... The truth is, Tippy, Mom and Dad are going to that place alone.」
「Two...? Where's Tippy...?」
My parents looked at each other.
As her parents looked sad, Tippy couldn’t help but feel something.
Instantly, tears began to flow.
「I'm sorry, Tippy-chan. I can't do that.」
「Mom and Dad are going to a very dangerous place. I don't want to take you to such a dangerous place. Mom and Dad care about you.」
「No, no... No, no, no... I'm going too...」
Her parents gently hugged Tipi.
「I'm sorry, Tippy-chan... but we still have to go.」
「I'm sorry, Tippy... Don't worry. I'll be back soon.」
「I'm sure he'll be back soon... so he won't be lonely...」
「Tippi, be a good girl and watch the house. And show us your painting again.」
「Yeah, that's right. I draw one picture at a time every day. What I saw, heard, knew, and felt. Could you tell me about it when we get back?」
「That's right. I'll write a lot of stories while I'm traveling. I'll come back to let you hear them.」
「Yeah, absolutely, absolutely, absolutely. I promise, so...」
The three family members hugged each other.
I don't know how long it'll last, but to heal that parting...
How much time had passed since then?
Tipi continued to draw, just as her father had told her to
Each time I draw one, I stick it to the wall. I tell them to catch my eye as soon as my parents come home.
What I saw...
What I heard...
What I know...
What I felt...
But before long, it was filled with feelings for my parents.
I want her to hug me, pat my head, call my name, hurry... I want to see her...
My heart was turning blue and blue.
The girl continued to draw, tears streaming down her cheeks...
Tipi told me about her sad past as blue specks of sadness flowed through her.
Her small shoulders trembled ephemerally.
The girl dies of sadness before my eyes.
I can't fathom how much that sadness is.
I've probably never felt that much sadness before.
That was why she couldn’t understand how Tipi felt.
I should be able to heal that sadness.
By hugging her small body.
I'm sure.
Tipi sat with her back to the wall.
I reach for her slender body.
When she touched his shoulder, Tipi’s body jumped a little.
It wasn't rejection.
She was just a little startled by the sudden action in the darkness.
「It's okay, Tippy. It's okay.」
「Hey, won't Ray disappear from Tipi's sight?」
「Yeah, I won't disappear.」
「Wanna leave Tippy alone?」
「Yeah, I won't leave you alone.」
「Won't you make Tipi lonely?」
「Yeah, I won't make you lonely.」
「Can't you make Tipi come true?」
「Yeah, I won't make you sad.」
「Will you take good care of Tippy?」
「Yeah, I'll love you.」
「Will you make fun of Tippy?」
「Yeah, I'll hug you.」
「Will you carry Tipi?」
「Yeah, I'll carry you.」
「Will you pat Tipi's head?」
「Yeah, I'll pet you.」
「Could you hook up with Tippy?」
「Yeah, we'll hold hands.」
「Will you stay with Tippy forever?」
Tipi’s eyes glinted faintly in the darkness.
The shoulder I touched was imbued with a body heat that was too hot.
I hugged Tipi's body close...
「Oh, so you two are close.」
The voice that echoed through the darkness didn’t belong to the girl trying to soothe her sadness right now.
It belonged to Shiona, who had supposedly parted ways at the entrance.
Before I knew it, Shiona was standing by my side.
Still smiling in the dim light, Shiona approached us directly.
「But it's also a problem if they're too close. They're men and women of their age.」
Shiona stopped me from reaching out to Tippy.
「Y-Yaah...」
Tipi’s face twisted in sadness as she sought that arm.
I raised my voice at Shiona without thinking.
「Shiona, what are you doing?!」
「What's wrong? You're so excited. You need to think about physical contact with girls your age.」
「That's not it. Tippy's sad... She's trying to heal that sadness, even if it's just a little.」
「Are you sad? About what?」
「It's for my parents, who haven't come back yet! Tipi's always been alone. She's always been lonely!」
「That's reality, so it can't be helped.」
「Can't be helped? What does that mean...?」
Shiona walked over to Tipi.
Then she looked at Tippy, who was a little saddened.
「Tipii-chan? I'm sorry, but you've always been alone, haven't you? Until now, and from now on, too.」
Still smiling, she spoke in her usual tone.
「Shiona, what are you saying...?」
「Tipii-chan, you understand, right? Mom and Dad aren't coming home anymore, you know?」
「Shiona... Stop... Don't say such terrible things...」
「You're aware of it, aren't you? You just don't want to admit it.」
「...No... No... No...」
「Tipii-chan's mom and dad...」
「...Shiona... Stop...」
「I'm already dead.」
「Stop iiiiiiiiiiiiit!!」
A voice echoes through the library.
My whole body was burning up.
My breathing became ragged, and I felt a pain deep in my head.
Even her clenched teeth are gnashing.
My vision is so blurry that I can barely stand.
And at the same time, I was convinced.
My chest is red and prickly. Mud-san's emotions are always there.
This is the emotion known as “anger.”
I feel anger at the unfairness of what's happening in front of me.
Right now, the blue girl’s hopes had been cut off.
Tipi had been hurt by Shiona’s heartless comment
Tipi was crying in a voiceless voice.
Her face is all messed up.
She had turned her sadness into large drops, flowing down her cheeks.
With her young body, she earnestly spoke of bottomless sadness.
Shiona followed up with another blow.
「I mean, isn't that right? How long do you think your mom and dad haven't come home?」
「Tipii-chan, you draw every day, don't you? How many are there now?」
「Stop it...」
「Doesn't it make you sad to draw every day? I wonder how many more pictures you'll have to draw before Mom and Dad come back.」
「Stop it...」
「No matter how much you cry, it's useless. Tears flow only to comfort yourself. Just because they flowed doesn't mean something will change.」
「...Please don't...」
「That's just self-satisfaction. If you cry, someone will be kind to you, so you're crying. That's just running away from reality.」
「...Please... stop...」
「Let's just notice already. Mom and Dad won't come back. Never again. Tipi will never see Mom and Dad again.」
「Also, just so you know, Ray is only here because he sympathizes with you, Tippi. It's not like Mom and Dad have the love they poured into you. It's just that pity is the only thing keeping you here. Do you understand, Tippi? You're always alone.」
「Stop-------」
An angry voice resounds.
When that voice echoing off the walls stopped ringing, only Tipi’s sobbing voice remained.
Tipi looked up at Shiona with vacant eyes.
It felt like the light that had dwelled in it not too long ago was gone.
「Ray, spoiling and comforting are two different things.」
「That's not true... That's not true...」
「You should accept reality too, Ray. Tippi's parents are no longer in this world.」
「No... That's not true...」
「In that case, why didn't you contact her at all? Didn't you write a single letter to Tipi-chan, whom you loved so much?」
「Well... I'm sure she's too busy to contact us...」
「If you know the other person is worried about you, then I won't waste that much time. Especially if it's your own child you love. If you don't have that, then that means――」
「Stop... Please, stop...」
「----Tipii-chan's mom and dad are already dead.」
I froze.
Shiona’s tone was as gentle as ever, and her smile was the same as always.
It would’ve been better if she’d just said it in a cold, emotionless voice.
The abnormal atmosphere left me unable to continue.
Shiona’s face was smiling as she faced Tipi again.
「Tippi-chan, your only family is your mother and father. But those two won't come back. That's why, no matter how much you're with someone, you'll never truly be satisfied. Even if Ray is with you, you won't be able to become a family. That's an irreplaceable truth. You'll always be alone.」
Shiona turned around and headed for the entrance.
In the middle of that, she turned back to me once.
But my eyes are still fixed on the floor.
「Ray... It's all for your sake.」
With that, Shiona left the library.
The complex falls silent.
Right now, she didn’t even hear Tipi sobbing anymore.
I was angry at Shiona's behavior, and then exhausted.
I can't even stand up.
However, he couldn’t leave the girl alone like this.
The girl probably thinks so.
I'm all alone in the world.
That I had to live in solitude.
I didn't want you to think that.
I wanted her to know I wasn't alone.
Her feelings for Tippy weren’t pity.
It's definitely not pity.
I ruminated over it over and over.
Again and again, as if trying to convince herself.
I reach out for Tippy's shoulder.
I hugged her delicate shoulders.
Tipi’s body jumped in surprise at first, but then settled on my chest.
She pressed her face against mine, her voice quiet as tears streamed down her cheeks.
I stroked her trembling shoulders over and over.
If I can dispel the sadness I feel in this small body, even a little...
I don't know how long I've been doing that.
We sat close to each other.
After a while, I lost my sense of time.
Tipi sluggishly got up and started walking, as if seeking something.
Tipi didn't respond.
It was a sketchbook and crayon.
Tipi returned to me with those two things.
I sat down with my back to my stomach.
Tipi didn't respond again.
Instead, I flipped through the drawing paper.
Tipi holds a crayon in her hand, brand-new pages in canvas.
Then, without hesitation, she ran the crayon across the drawing paper.
She's drawing a cute picture of her age.
The first thing she drew was a picture of a blue girl.
There are tear marks on her cheek.
Her eyes are pregnant with red.
I gently patted Tipi's head.
Lowering her gaze again, Tippi runs her crayon across the drawing paper.
The next one to be drawn seems to be me.
Her hand rests on the girl's head.
It's like she's gently patting my head.
And then...
It was Shiona.
A short distance away, she looks at the girl with a scary face.
That was Shiona for Tipi.
Even to my eyes, the Shiona in front of Tippi would look like a painting.
Why did Shiona do that?
Shiona had said it.
It's all for my sake.
I don't know what that means.
No, I didn't want to know.
After making Tipi cry, I don’t understand what she meant by “for my sake.”
Will I make someone unhappy, and then I'll be happy?
No, there's no way that would happen.
It's something that shouldn't happen.
As if to drown out Shiona’s words that stuck in my ears, I hugged Tipi.
Her voice is so feeble it feels like it's going to disappear.
But deep down, I felt a hint of joy.
I thought as I looked at the picture.
Perhaps this was Tipi’s way of avoiding sadness.
It is said that people dream at the end of the day.
It was said to be to organize the memories of the events that happened that day.
To Tippi, it might be this painting.
What happened that day...
Everything, including what was good and what was bad, was painted.
Isn't that how she organizes her memories and calms her heart?
In fact, Tipi’s expression had softened somewhat.
As the painting progressed, the sadness faded.
It's like I'm handing over sadness to a painting.
Tipi stood up and pulled me by the hand.
Pulled along by her hand, I follow her to a wall with pictures plastered all over it.
It's a picture that's said to be written one by one each day.
The number of pictures was enormous.
Tipi put the picture she’d drawn today on the very edge.
More pictures of Tippy.
The wall-filled picture felt like a diary showing this girl’s loneliness.
Tipi must have spent all her time alone on this story.
I've been talking about this sad story all by myself...
The thought made something well up deep in my chest.
When I saw her eyes filled with sorrow, I couldn't help but choke on my voice.
Instead of answering, she hugged Tipi close.
After a while, I could hear her quiet breathing as she slept.
She looked back and forth between the picture diary on the wall and the one sleeping in her arms.
Could this picture book be the very picture of Tippy’s heart?
I fell asleep while thinking about that.
It's the church I live in.
I'm standing in front of a large, familiar white door.
I pushed the door open with both hands.
The chapel that followed inside was enveloped in a surprising silence.
—No, it wasn’t complete silence.
Because a quiet sobbing voice reached my ears.
We charged through the chapel.
When I did, I ended up confronting the person.
It was the person who never stopped smiling.
It was Shiona.
Shiona was crying, her delicate shoulders trembling.
I couldn't hide my surprise at that.
—Why am I crying?
I didn't know why.
However, it was true that Shiona was crying right in front of him
Those tears weren't fake.
Even so, I couldn't do anything.
...No, that's not true.
I'm sure there's something I can do.
I reach out my hand.
My fingertips reached for Shiona’s eyes.
I don't think I can stop those tears.
But I can wipe away those tears.
That's all I can do, but...
I extend my fingers toward the large droplets.
In the middle of that, my hand stopped.
My fingers are made of machinery.
Her outstretched index finger had a metallic luster to it...
That's right.
I'd forgotten.
No, I wanted to forget.
I'm not a Human.
She was created.
I wonder why.
Am I not allowed to wipe away the tears of those dear to me?
Shiona cried.
She continued to cry.
Was it sadness that Shiona had never shown her?
But I can't stop or wipe away those endless tears.
In that case, why am I here?
What could she do for Shiona if she stayed here?
I couldn’t find the answer to that.
I couldn't move the machine's outstretched hand any further...
—A moment later, the dissonant sound of metal scraping against metal echoed through the area.
Those earsplitting sounds echoed intermittently.
No sooner had I thought that than my outstretched fingers...
Those parts crumbled and fell to the floor.
The collapse that began with her fingertips increased the palm of her hand—her wrist—her arm—her shoulder—and its range.
All the parts of my body are collapsing.
Before long, it became difficult for me to even stand there, and I fell to the floor.
My legs, my torso, are reduced to scrap.
Iron scrap piled up around us.
I couldn't speak, so I had no choice but to accept the collapse.
Shiona had been crying the whole time.
She was crying in a hushed voice.
I can't even reach out to the machine anymore.
After all, it wasn't even my arms or fingertips anymore.
The collapse ate away at my entire body, reaching all the way to my head.
I don't feel any pain.
There was no way I could feel it.
But...
I felt a pain deep in my chest, which was supposed to be gone.
As my vision crumbled, the last thing I saw was Shiona’s sad expression and tears.
Before long, I'm just a metal...
It turned into a pile of scrap.
――That's when I wake up.
She was shouting something, but I didn't remember.
My breathing is ragged.
I hastily check the area.
A dim, dusty space.
The lukewarm air clings to me.
And then there were the thick books lining the shelves.
This was the library.
I fell asleep last night, and it looks like it's morning already.
I hurriedly removed my gloves and checked my right hand.
It should have collapsed earlier, but it's still there.
But just like in the dream, it's made of machines.
On her lap, before she knew it, Tippy had fallen asleep.
Her innocent sleeping face showed no hint of yesterday's sadness.
Looks like I was having what Humans call a dream.
During sleep mode, you can sometimes catch a glimpse of past records in order to organize your memory region.
But that was probably a prediction based on experience and memories.
This kind of possibility is hidden in the future... I guess that means it's been calculated.
Even so, what a sad thing.
I hadn't been able to calm the stirrings deep in my chest yet.
Why would Shiona’s tears upset me so much?
And why am I so powerless?
I'm not the real thing.
I knew that.
I thought I understood.
But I still want to make her laugh.
Shiona, and even Tippy, wanted to make everyone in town laugh.
But I can't do that.
I could see the answer to that, but I didn't want to admit it.
――That's because I'm the one who made it.
A single truth that I can't resist no matter what.
But even so, I wanted it.
She wanted to make everyone around me smile.
And yet, she couldn’t do it.
Shiona wouldn’t smile at me if I tried to make Tipi smile.
When she tried to make Shiona smile, she couldn’t wipe away Tipi’s tears.
What a difficult task.
Isn't there a better way to make everyone smile?
As I watched the sad sleeping face of Tipi, I ruminated deep in my chest over and over.
She stroked Tipi’s head with her fingertips.
Her smooth hair doesn't cling to me, and lets my fingertips pass through her hair.
A sweet scent spreads through the room.
「Mm... mmm...」
Tipi let out a small gasp, as if she was dreaming.
Her young sleeping face made me want to protect her even more.
But how?
Looking back and forth between the machine’s right hand and Tippy’s face, I was at a loss.
I thought it would be nice if such a slow time could continue forever.
—But that didn't happen.
A strange sound echoes in the distance.
The sound of footsteps rang out, as if several people were walking at exactly the same time.
And then there was the faint sound of a scream and something being destroyed.
Those two things are destroying even my small hopes.
I hastily put the glove on my right hand.
「Wh-What... Ray, what is it...?」
That abnormality woke Tippy up.
An uneasy expression that should not have been there before spread across Tipi’s face.
「I don't know... but it looks like something happened.」
「Something? What do you mean by something?」
「I don't have a clue. But I think it's clear that this isn't a good situation.」
I stood up and pointed my toes at the library corridor.
「...Ray? Where are you going?」
「I'll go check on her.」
「No... Don't go, Ray.」
「Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere. I'm just going to go check on her on the roof for a little while.」
「No... No...」
Tipi hugged her and wept.
She was probably overlapping with her parents, who had disappeared.
「It's okay. It's okay, Tippy.」
「No... No...」
「Have I ever broken my promise to Tippy?」
「Yeah, that's right. You always did that when you said you were going to see her, didn't you?」
「So don't worry. I'll be right back from the roof.」
「...Okay. But hurry up and come back.」
「Yeah, of course.」
After exchanging a promise with Tippy, I headed for the library roof.
We reached the top of the long spiral staircase in front of an old, rusty door.
There was no longer any sign that it had been used for a long time.
When I opened it, a nasty scraping sound echoed in my ears.
Ignoring her, I pushed the door open.
...At the same time.
An abnormality caught my eye.
Black smoke was rising from all over the town.
The scream-like thing wasn’t misheard; it was coming from the mouths of the townspeople fleeing from something.
And chasing after the townspeople like that were multiple figures clad in dirty cloaks.
She just walked quietly with her firearms at the ready. Yet, she cornered the fleeing people with her unnecessarily coordinated movements.
It was as if everything had been calculated.
The townspeople cornered by the wall and the attackers were exchanging some words.
The attacker gave each other a look and nodded, then pointed the muzzle of his gun at the town people’s heads.
Then, without the slightest hint of hesitation, she pulled the finger on the trigger.
---With a dry sound, my head shakes like it's bursting, and the townspeople collapse on the spot...
The sound brought me back to my senses, and I understood the situation.
It's hard to believe, but... this town seems to be under attack.
So what Shiona was saying was true...
I hurried back to the lobby.
Seeing me like that, Tippy asks me an anxious question.
「Ray... Did something happen? You look really scared.」
「...I don't really get it, but... umm... something bad is happening...」
Unable to tell Tipi what I saw, I trailed off.
「Something bad? What do you mean?」
「This town is under attack... I think.」
「No... Tippy, you're scaring me...」
「Don't worry, it's far away from town. It's probably still safe here, so calm down.」
「...Yeah... But what are you going to do?」
「I'm... going to see what's going on.」
I was curious about the town, but more than that, I was worried about Shiona.
Even after what happened yesterday, she's still a Human who saved me.
She hadn’t even heard the reason why Shiona, who was kind to everyone, was so harsh on Tipi.
I still don't understand what she meant when she said it was for my sake.
「No, don't go... Please... Ray...」
「Don't worry, Tippy. I'll definitely come back.」
「Really? Really, really?」
「Yeah, of course. So could you wait a little longer?」
「If you'll come back, I'll be waiting for you.」
Tipi hugged the teddy bear tightly.
Even so, I couldn't shake the unease from her expression.
I wonder if I can do anything for this girl's sadness and anxiety.
With those gloomy feelings lingering in my heart, I left the library.
As for the road to town, I decided to use the back roads as much as possible.
What's happening in town is clearly not good.
If they find me, there's a possibility that I'll be harmed somehow.
I try to keep my footsteps as quiet as possible as I head for the plaza.
If possible, I wanted to get there before the formation, but I had to take several detours to get there, so that seemed impossible.
The closer we get to the center of town, the more we'll catch sight of a broken building.
But they're all buildings that didn't seem like they'd break down until yesterday.
I wondered if the people I didn't know who had been chasing the people of that town had destroyed it.
A cloud of dust hangs over the once-beautiful town.
Why would they need to destroy the buildings of this peaceful town?
I just can't accept that.
As the screams and the noise of buildings being destroyed grew louder, I arrived at the truth.
――The disastrous scene that took place in the plaza.
A number of men were chasing and catching the townspeople.
He was pointing his gun at them, using unreasonable violence as a shield to chase after men, women, and even children, regardless of their relationship.
The captured townspeople are forced to sit in the center of the plaza.
A child crying and screaming. An angry voice that can't be called a voice.
Where did that voice come from? The wind was blowing, and the armed men had cool faces.
No, it might be strange to describe it as cool.
It was a face that showed no interest in anything, like a glance at a stone lying on the side of the road.
I can't see Shiona anywhere I can see her. I wonder if it's safe to assume she hasn't been captured yet...
「――What's the situation?」
「――We've captured the majority of the residents. It's only a matter of time before they're left.」
I overheard two men talking nearby.
I slowly approached them so they wouldn't notice me, and listened intently.
「How about water and food?」
「We've saved enough. We found an underground water source in the water.」
「I see. So it turned out better than I expected.」
「Yeah, it's possible to settle down like this.」
I'm sure of it.
That these men were Humans who would attack the town and steal water and food.
I couldn't forgive them for their irrationality.
I can't believe you're hurting innocent people just for the sake of looting.
But I couldn't do anything more than that.
I can't even get out of there.
I knew better than anyone that I was powerless.
「But how did you find such a small town?」
「――There was a slave man who ran away the other day.」
「If I remember correctly, he advocated coexistence with Phylloids...」
「Yeah. He's a fool who's trapped by the ideas of the old days. Coexistence and harmony with Phyllods are such useless thoughts in this world.」
――Coexistence and harmony...
Those words brought to mind a young man.
I saved her, brought her to this town... And those were her last words when she breathed her last.
Does that mean it was these Humans who inflicted such an injury on him?
「That's why I treated them the same as Phylloids, and kept them alive.」
「That's right. I chased after him to bring him back, and he came in handy in an unexpected way.」
One of the men continued in a monotone voice.
「A Human appeared to save that man, and showed us the way to town.」
Hearing those words, I felt my back grow cold.
Why hadn’t I considered the cause of that young man’s injury back then?
I had heard from Shiona that there was a group that was plundering...
Even when we were going back to town, if we’d paid more attention to our surroundings, we might have been able to avoid tailing them.
I regretted taking such an easy course of action on a temporary impulse.
I'm the one who caused this attack.
「We've gathered the main members of the town in one place. There are no resistances.」
「I see. In that case, select those who are orally ingested and have no ability to produce or manage. The factor that will decrease productivity is――」
As he spoke, the man receiving the report pulled a pistol out of his pocket.
「Disposal.」
「――Stop it!」
At the same time as I understood the meaning of those words, I screamed.
However, I couldn't help but shout at the Humans who said they'd 'dispose' of the townspeople who took care of them so lightly.
With that, the men in the room turned around.
And then, our eyes met.
「Secure him.」
With that voice, the men rushed over to me.
Panicking, I started running.
But my body can't keep up with my feelings.
My legs couldn't move properly, and I ended up losing my balance as I ran away.
The men immediately closed in behind me.
Her movements are as precise as a machine.
This is bad. At this rate, I'll be caught.
I ran into an alley.
The alley is covered in mud from the rain.
My legs were taken off, but I kept running.
Every now and then, she would knock down the wood leaning against the wall, trying to slow the men down
But that wasn't enough to slow me down.
I could tell that the men were right behind me.
Will I be able to escape like this...?
I was aiming for the library.
Even if we managed to escape to the library like this, they would find out about Tippy's existence.
If Tipi was attacked...
I changed the direction of my toes.
They fled into what appeared to be the back door of the nearest building.
It happened to be Mud's general store.
I searched for a place to hide...
「!?」
I spot a figure sitting in a chair.
Mud doesn't answer. He's sitting in a chair with his arms crossed, just as he did after turning the projector that day.
「Mad-san, you can hear me, can't you!? Please stop joking at a time like this, Mud-sa―Mad-san?」
I swallow my scream at the last second.
As soon as I touch Mud's shoulder, he quietly collapses from his chair. It's as if he's already finished.
「Wh-Why――!?」
Did she mean those men had “disposed” of her? But for that matter, there was no sign of any external injuries.
「I found the target.」
It was ironically the voices of the men chasing me that made me realize that I was on the verge of panic.
But it was too late.
「The amount of labor we have right now should be enough. We'll eliminate them.」
Unable to deal with anything, I hastily jump away from Mud-san, the men step in, and the man at the head point his pistol at me----
「Ray!」
A few things happened at the same time.
With a dry sound, a gunshot rang out.
And then, a figure slipped in front of me to protect me...
「Shh――」
It took me a while to grasp the situation.
The person was standing in front of me to protect me.
He turned only his face to look at me.
That person looked at me with the same smile as always.
Then, a few seconds later...
「Shionaaaaa!」
I screamed, my mind blank.
When I saw her, my body unconsciously began to move.
I hit one of the shelves with the mechanical arm hidden under my glove. It knocked over all the shelves in the shop in a chain—fine shards and even finer dust all over the place.
At the same time, she picked up a can from the floor and threw it at the window with all her might.
The men reacted to the sound of the glass shattering.
「She ran away from the window, huh?」
「Let's go after her.」
The men dashed outside through the open door.
「She's gone――」
And as for me, right next to the fallen shelf, I was crouched down on the floor, half of my body sunk into the floor from the impact.
She hugged Shiona close to her chest so that the shelves and shards wouldn’t hit her as she fell.
「Shiona, Shiona, hang in there!」
I frantically shook Shiona, whose eyes were closed.
Looks like she's passed out.
My gaze crawled across Shiona’s body, but I didn’t see anything that looked like a wound.
Did the bullet not hit her? But she was unconscious, so maybe she couldn't say she was safe.
Anyway, we need to evacuate.
――There's only one place nearby where I can do that......
Taking a deep breath, I remembered.
About the girl who was waiting in the library.
I left the back road and headed back to the library without the Humans noticing me.
It was quite a handicap to keep Shionah on my back, but it continued to pass through the destroyed buildings over and over again.
Shiona didn't move a muscle during that time. It was a burden to bear, but at the same time, she grew more anxious.
If something were to happen to Shiona—even as I was overwhelmed by that fear—I arrived at the library.
The clouds covering the sky made the color even darker.
When I finally reached the library, I searched for Tipi.
I wonder if Tippy's okay?
At the moment, the library hasn't been ravaged.
There's no sign of anyone coming in.
When we passed through the entrance, the complex was filled with silence.
Feeling relieved, she weaved between the shelves, searching for Tipi.
But no matter how hard she searched, she couldn't find Tipi.
Could it be...
I did my best to search the area, trying to dispel any unpleasant thoughts.
Could it be...
Relying on hope, I headed to the lobby.
I try to get behind it.
There was Tipi, trembling slightly with her ears and eyes covered.
I reach out to her small body.
「Tippi, I'm back.」
Tippy's shoulders jumped a little.
But when she recognized me, she hugged me with enough force to jump at me.
「Welcome back. I'm so glad you're back, Ray.」
She pressed her large tears against my chest.
Her body was trembling slightly.
Ah, I've made this girl uneasy again.
I wrap my arms around her back and pet her.
「Don't worry... I'll never leave you again.」
Relieved by her words, Tipi’s trembling grew smaller, and eventually stopped.
「What happened? Shiona, what happened?」
Looking at Shiona, whose eyes were still closed, Tipi asked uneasily,
I told her the truth without hiding it.
「She was shot. In order to protect me... she didn't seem to be injured, but she was unconscious...」
「Show me right now!」
With agile movements unlike anything she’d ever experienced before, Tippi laid Shiona down on the floor as if to pick her up
「Ray, keep your back turned and I'll look at Shiona's wounds.」
「Ah, yeah... C-Shiona, are you hurt?!」
「I don't know. But I'm going to hide it.」
I hastily turned around to look at Tippy, who was putting her hands on Shiona’s clothes.
Before long...
「...It's okay, it's okay... It wasn't there, Ray.」
Tipi’s tone had returned to normal.
I quietly turned around.
Shiona was breathing calmly on the floor of the lobby where I’d laid her down.
I thought she'd been shot to protect me, but it looks like she just passed out from a close-range gunshot.
「Thank goodness...」
I let out a sigh of relief from the bottom of my heart.
「Ray, why was Shiona shot?」
「The Humans are here. And they're starting to pillage this town. They're destroying buildings...」
I kept my mouth shut about how I was trying to “dispose” of the townspeople, and how Mud-san might have already been “disposed” of them.
「And when they found me and almost shot me, Shiona protected me...」
I instinctively clench my fists. Tipi looks at me sadly.
「―I see. But if that's the case... this place might be dangerous too.」
She answered meekly.
「I wonder if I'll be able to get away with it if I hide... Somehow, until the Humans leave...」
Tipi shook her head sadly, as if to stop me from speaking.
「The Humans found this town. The town we recommended. So they'll come here too.」
「No way... They're going to live here...?」
「Because this is a town.」
The town... That's right.
I also walked through the barren land until I reached this place.
There was nothing to eat, no water, and we were always right next to death.
Those Humans must have traveled to a world like that, too.
In that case, this “town” is a paradise I never wished for.
「But... why would you do something like that? The people of this town would accept it.」
「It's for us to go.」
「If it's for that reason, then I can do anything... It's wrong to sacrifice someone else!」
「...Ray, I'm scared...」
「Ah, sorry, I didn't mean to scare you...」
She untied her clenched fist in indignation and patted Tipi’s head to reassure her.
Let's think about Tipi and Shiona for now.
Staying in town like this would put these two in danger, too.
Honestly, I want to help everyone in town. But that's impossible for me right now. I don't have the strength or the wisdom to do that.
They would now freeze the emotions Shiona and the townspeople had taught them, mechanically...and make the most efficient choice.
Let's go somewhere we can relax.
「Tippi, let's leave town for now. Then we'll think of a way to help the townspeople.」
As I said that, my chest tightened.
That's because I put my life in the rankings.
I've chosen the life in front of me that I can reach.
I’m sure that’s a shameful thing to do. Even though the weight of life is equal... I’m still trying to choose...
「Yeah, I think that's a good idea.」
The little girl's nod makes me feel less guilty.
「Let's hide in that abandoned factory for now. There shouldn't be anything there that Humans want.」
「Then I'll have to get Ray and Shiona's food ready...」
「Yeah. I hope we can stop by the church somehow.」
The library and church we’re in now are on the opposite side of the plaza, on the edge and edge of the town.
Even if I wanted to leave town and take a big detour, I wouldn't be able to get a single shot at a place with no cover. On top of that, I'd be carrying Shiona on my back.
If I did that, would I have no choice but to go under the rubble as I advanced? This time, the difficulty would be even higher since Tipi was with me, but...
I explained it to Tippy in the most obvious way possible.
「Is it hard to go to Kyokai?」
「Yeah... For now.」
「Then you just have to do what you did.」
「...Did you?」
「Yeah, I did. I'm going to save the noodles for today.」
「Yeah, Chika. If it's Chika, no one will find us.」
「Underground... Underground... But how?」
「You just have to go inside the manhole and leave the town as it is.」
...I see.
Indeed, in that case, she would be able to make it to the church without anyone finding her.
「That's a good idea, Tippy! You're amazing, Tippy.」
「Ehehe... Ray praised me.」
「But I wonder where the manhole is in town.」
「Hmm... Ray, come here.」
Tippy took my hand and led me to the bookshelf.
Without the slightest hesitation, I arrive in front of a certain bookshelf.
「Ahem.」
I picked up the book Tipi was pointing at and opened it.
Inside was a map of the manhole location in this town and its underground waterways.
「That's amazing, Tippy! With this, we can get to the church without any problems.」
「Thank you... Ray.」
When she patted his head, Tippy’s eyes narrowed in delight.
「Okay, Tippy. Let's get going.」
「Yeah... But wait. I'll do it, just a little... Wait.」
「Yeah, it's fine.」
「Thank you, Ray.」
Bowing, Tippy disappeared into the back room.
Tipi said there was no problem, but it still bothered me that she couldn’t regain consciousness.
Perhaps what the Humans fired wasn’t a gun with bullets coming out of it, but a weapon that robbed their bodies of their freedom.
Once I figured out the cause, I could figure out how to deal with it.
Was the unknown situation this frightening?
「Sorry for the wait, Ray. What's wrong?」
Tipi returned from the back room.
「No, it's nothing. I was just a little worried about you.」
Pretending to be as calm as possible, I replied.
「So, what are you going to bring?」
Tipi, who had said she'd come prepared, was carrying a large bag.
「Give me... a stuffed animal... and... a real one.」
「I see. So it's important to you.」
「Also... Mama's and Papa's.」
Tipi spoke sadly.
It's a picture of my parents who won't be coming back.
I don’t understand how Tippy feels when she looks at that picture.
「Umm, then what's this?」
Aside from the large bag, Tipi was carrying a thin but firm metal bag in her hand. It felt a little too unrefined for a petite Tipi to carry.
「I'll... talk to you later. More importantly, Ray, let's go.」
「Ah, yeah...」
As Shiona lay on the floor, he carried her on his back with Tipi’s help. Strangely, he couldn’t feel the weight of it.
「I'm ready, Tippy.」
「Okay, then... Bye-bye.」
Turning toward the countless bookshelves, Tipi bid them farewell.
Her voice sounded somehow sad.
I still haven't been able to soothe this girl's sadness at all.
But I didn't give up.
We'll be together from now on.
It's fine if we spend time together, little by little.
She wanted to soothe Tipi’s sadness.
And someday, I want Tippy to smile from the bottom of her heart.
That was my secret wish right now.
「Come on, let's go.」
「――Yeah.」
Still, without a single whinny, Tipi followed along.
When we arrived at the church, we were quite exhausted.
There were no signs of Humans around.
We carefully surveyed the area and stepped into the church.
The chapel was silent.
It was as quiet as if the commotion in this town had been a lie.
I found a music box on the altar in the back of the chapel.
Was Shiona listening to that tone here?
My footsteps echo loudly through the chapel as I head to the music box.
I approach the altar and reach for the music box.
I turned the handlebars, and a melody overflowed from inside.
That melody somehow warms the depths of my heart.
—Suddenly, I heard a song.
It was coming from behind me.
「Welcome back.」
With that, Shiona got off my back.
「That's fine. Does it hurt anywhere? Tipi said she'd be fine, but...」
「Yeah, it looks like it's okay.」
Shiona smiled reassuringly at me. Then she looked at Tipi, who was standing next to her.
「Tipii-chan... You're here too, huh?」
「Yeah――」
As sad as ever—and yet with a face prepared for something—Tippi nodded.
「Shiona...」
Tipi turned her palm in Shiona’s direction, stopping her from speaking.
「I know, but... I know!」
Shiona hung her head, as if enduring something.
「――Shiona.」
In contrast, Tipi was only being gentle...
Those were far too unexpected words. Shiona held her breath as she stared into Tipi’s small eyes.
「While I was with Ray, I realized what Shiona was trying to do.」
「But then...」
「That's part of it, so I came here. I can't use the library anymore. ...Probably this town too.」
「Tipii-chan, I'm sorry...」
「It's fine. You don't have to be Shiona.」
As Shiona fell to her knees and jumped into Tipi’s chest, Tipi gently hugged her.
It was like she was giving the illusion that Tipi was much more like an older sister.
「Ray, what should we do now?」
Hearing that from Tippy brought me back to my senses in a hurry.
「If it looks like Shiona will be okay, I want to help the townspeople. Especially the people who were told to dispose of them―」
「Really?」
「Yeah...」
That sounded awful......She didn't see the same Human as a Human.
「Can Ray do it?」
「I don't know, but... even so, I can't just stand by and watch someone who looks like they're about to be killed in front of me.」
「But Ray's in danger.」
「Yeah, I know that, but...」
They're the kind of people who'd point their guns at me without a care in the world. There's nothing I can do if I challenge them head-on.
I'm sure we won't even be able to have a discussion.
「I promise. If it gets even a little dangerous, I'll definitely turn back.」
「That's for sure. If Ray gets hurt――Everything will be irreparable.」
「Yeah. I can't leave Shiona behind either.」
「Ray...」
「Shiona――」
With that, we separated like magnets repelling each other.
「I-I'm sorry! It's not like I forgot about you!」
「It's not fair if you're the only one...」
That’s what Tipi said, the tip of her mouth slightly pointed at him.
「I'm sorry, Tippy. I didn't mean to...」
I apologized as well, gently patting Tipi’s head.
「Mmm... That's not it...」
Despite what she said, her expression wasn’t entirely dissatisfied with Tippy’s.
Shiona laughed first at the sight—followed by Tipi and me.
And so, we laughed together.
The three of us hold hands without anyone else around.
We grip each other's hands tightly so that we'll never part again.
And then, before her determination could waver, I declared:
「From now on, the three of us will always be together. Forever and ever...」
But, as if to mock me...
Footsteps echoed in the distance.
Shiona’s smile, Tipi’s smile, stiffened.
I'm sure I'm stiffening up too.
All the townspeople have been captured.
In that case, the person heading to this church right now is...
There's no mistaking it. She's a Human.
I was the first one to move. I looked out the window, making sure not to make a sound.
There's only one silhouette. However, I don't know how many people will follow.
「Shiona, Tippy, head deeper into the chapel. Crouch down as much as you can so you can't see from the outside.」
「Sure, but I think you should lock the door first.」
「You can't. If you do that, they'll definitely call for backup. If you do, we won't stand a chance.」
I want to neutralize that Human without making as much noise as possible.
If we're up against one person, I think we can do something about it. If we're up against two people, we can just launch a surprise attack.
But if there were more than three of them—I hadn’t told Shiona or Tippy—I’d planned to get one of them.
I hushed my footsteps and stood behind the door. Meanwhile, the footsteps were getting closer and closer.
There's only one of them. There's nothing left.
「...Zzz...」
I quietly took a deep breath and steeled myself.
I strain my breath. My footsteps... are right next to me.
The door slowly opened.
Next, a man with a gun slowly entered the room.
――Not yet!
A moment later, I swung my arm down with all my might from my blind spot.
Without delay, I kicked the pistol off the floor.
At the same time, I swat her leg, but I can't dodge that.
We're still so close that we're practically glued to each other.
It was probably safe to assume that he possessed weapons other than guns.
In that case, I'll aim for the moment when I reach out to it, and if I jump at it, I'll be left empty.
But the man quietly cocked his head to the side and looked at me.
「What are you trying to do?」
She asked in a monotone voice.
「Why are you antagonizing us? Are you the owner of this town?」
「Owner? I just want to do what's best for the people of this town.」
「You sound like a phyroid.」
「...Then what...? That's the reason I exist.」
As I spoke, I removed the glove on my right hand and showed off my mechanical hand.
It’s not a good idea to fight me head-on, since I have a mechanical body.
If I make her think that, she might back down.
For now, all we need to do is keep Shiona and Tippy safe. Even if they find out who I am, I’ll protect what I want to protect.
That's my role as a Phylloid.
The man cocked his head again at my actions.
「What are you talking about? Phylloids can't act in battle all the time. They're built to obey orders so that they can't disobey Humans.」
「Huh?」
「Either way, you are a nonconformist trapped by the ideas of the old days. I will eliminate you before you become the root of evil.」
The tip comes straight for her throat.
I grabbed the blade of the knife with my mechanical right hand. Then, I put all my strength into it and twisted it hard.
That was all it took to snap the knife’s blade wide open.
I push my opponent down with all my body weight. I place the elbow of my left arm against his throat and seal his legs with my knees.
「Ray!」
Shiona burst out from the back of the room.
I pressed my left hand back against my opponent’s throat and raised my metal-bared right hand as I spoke.
It was also a metal arm that could break a knife. If he swung it down at his head with all his might, he wouldn't make it out unscathed.
「Ray, stop.」
Shiona pleaded in a trembling voice.
――But...
Gritting my molars, I swung my right hand down with all my might.
My right hand was half-sinking.
Not on the man’s head, but on the floor right next to him.
「Why are you letting me live? Considering our own safety, killing me is the right choice.」
That's what the man said, his face completely expressionless.
「That's not true. No matter the reason, killing someone is the wrong choice.」
「It's hard to control. It's such an inefficient thought process.」
「I will take you hostage. And release the townspeople.」
I grab her by the collar and pull her up.
「That is meaningless. My life is worthless. If dying now opens up the future of my brethren, then I have no reason to regret it.」
Without changing the tone of his voice at all, the man pulled something out of his pocket.
It was an old-fashioned bomb. It pulled out the safety pin and grabbed my arm at the same time.
「Wha!?」
I quickly pull my arm back, but it doesn't budge.
I shuddered.
Why doesn't this Human show any emotion in his expression, despite this moment when he's about to give up his own life?
It was as if my body was being bound by the color of her eyes, which showed no will of their own.
No! If I stop thinking, it's all over!
I instantly switched heads and began analyzing the situation.
The man was holding a truly small bomb, about the size of a small fruit.
But since it’s a bomb, it’s probably lethal, and most importantly, it’s likely that the explosion will alert the Humans who are staying in town.
When? When will it explode?
Her opponent was probably planning to self-destruct. She clearly didn't have much time.
But what should I do? If the scale of the explosion was too large, it would cause damage to Shiona and the others in hiding.
It's impossible to nullify this bomb, so how do we minimize its effects?
I reflexively hugged the man. In the form of a bomb.
This way, at least, we might be able to protect Shiona and the others from the blast. It might be incomplete, but it was the best choice we could make.
At the very least, just the two of us...
The next moment, there was a shock.
From the side. It's like I'm being pushed... No, that's not it, I'm being pushed!
As I roll around on the floor, I look where I came from.
There was Shiona, carrying a bomb.
「Shiona!」
「Get down!」
The bomb she was gripping burst with a powerful light and sound.
Maybe the reason the scale of the explosion wasn’t that big was because it was a type of bomb that didn’t target killing and wounding.
Even so, I was at point-blank range, and I was getting dizzy from being hit by the blast and the sound.
Humans, who had also been at close range, had also lost consciousness.
「Shiona!」
As my vision wavered, I screamed.
Please, please be safe.
「Shiona?!」
「...Ray...」
「Shio...na...」
「Shiona, treat him immediately!」
The distance between us felt really long.
I slapped my unsteady legs and walked over to Shiona.
That's where I saw it.
「What... is this...?」
I was speechless when I saw Shiona.
His right arm is thrown onto the floor... From his wrist to the end... A metallic frame?
It's not a bone. Absolutely not. It's clearly different from a Human's.
And----there isn't.
That's strange.
What should have been there was gone.
Red.
That's proof of being a Human.
「Wh...wh...why?」
「B-But...」
I clenched my mechanical right hand, which was covered in gloves.
That's right, if it's the same... If it's the same, then it's fine...
「Shiona, um... Are you... okay?」
「Yeah, I can handle this much.」
How could that be?
There's no way that would happen.
She’d been hit by an explosion at such close range.
There's no way she'll be okay.
It must have hurt so bad that she couldn't help but cry.
And yet...
So why?
「More than me... Ray, your head.」
I followed Shiona’s gaze and put my hand on her head.
—Yeah, I wonder why.
Why do I have what Shiona needs?
I don't need this.
I didn’t need this, so I wanted Shiona to have it.
No, it should have been.
Shiona touched my head as she spoke.
「You're bleeding. Are you okay?」
Blood was flowing from my head.
Red.
Red blood.
It wasn't playing on Phylloids...
In contrast, not even a single drop of blood flowed from Shiona’s arm
Instead, I can see exposed mechanical parts.
There was only one thing this meant.
That's...
「...Ray? It's big, but it's okay――Shiona!? Ray!?」
Tipi came out from the back and let out a scream.
With an anxious expression, tears welled up in her eyes.
「You two need to fix your injuries...!」
「It's okay... I'm fine...」
She gently wrapped her arms around Tipi, who was starting to panic.
As she hugged me, Tipi’s expression of relief spread a little across her face in my chest.
But it's unstable.
It looked like it might collapse at any moment, and watching it made my heart ache.
「Ray... What should I do? I can't stay here anymore...」
Tipi speaks in a trembling voice, and Shiona nods in agreement.
It's true that from the explosion earlier, the other Humans will definitely come.
There were a lot of things I wanted to ask.
There were a lot of things I wanted to confirm.
But now, I swallowed it.
「...Let's go. Let's get out of town.」
We left the church with only the bare minimum of luggage.
Then, following Tippy’s instructions, they used the back roads of the town, escaped outside, and headed for the abandoned factory.
That's another reminder...
I was the only one...who felt heavy on my feet from exhaustion.
Tipi led the way, and Shiona led her by the hand as she continued to walk.
After arriving at the abandoned factory, I finally sat down on the ground.
I steadied my ragged breathing next to Shiona, who was making a cool face.
「Tipii, I'm going to get some water.」
The little girl glanced at Shiona before disappearing deeper into the abandoned factory.
Most likely, she had entrusted all the explanations to Shiona.
「...Shiona.」
Shiona returned my voice with a slightly troubled smile.
「I'm sure you've already noticed, but I'm... No. All the people who live in this town are Phylloids.」
That was... what I was trying to avert my eyes from.
I had a hunch... that something was wrong... but I didn’t want to admit it...
「So... I'm a Human?」
When my head was damaged, red liquid leaked out of the damaged area.
It was very similar to the “blood” flowing through a Human’s body.
Phyllods didn’t have that kind of liquid on board, so there was no way it would flow.
「You've always misunderstood me because I have a mechanical arm... It's a medical artifact that makes up for lost limbs in an accident or something.」
「No way... Then I really am...」
「That's right, you're a Human. You're the parent and partner of us Phylloids. That's you. All the townspeople are Phylloids. You're the only Human.」
「I see...」
I stared at the machine's gloved right hand and weakly gripped it.
The existence I'd been thinking of up until now was the complete opposite...
Shiona is a Phylloid... and I'm a Human...
――In other words, I'm a Human who should be hated by myself.
I felt something deep in my chest.
That emotion is painful.
I'm so sad.
It's irritating.
It was that same cold-hearted, merciless, evil being I could only assume was evil.
My chest ached helplessly.
The fact that I can't change it makes me angry.
What the man I was dealing with earlier said was correct.
I was a Human, not a Phyllod.
And since they were the rulers of Humans, they were trying to do terrible things to the people of Phyllod’s town—no, they were probably already doing it.
How did it end up like this?
I just wanted to live with Shiona and the others and the townspeople.
I just wanted to make everyone happy.
But, but, but...
I can't do that.
Because I'm a Human.
That's because I'm one of the helpless creatures.
I felt warmth in my unconsciously clenched fist.
When I lowered my gaze, Shiona’s hand was on top of mine.
The temperature is artificial.
But it had nothing to do with me.
...It's warm.
That alone was enough to lessen the burden on my heart.
But at the same time, it made me realize how worthless I was.
I wonder if I have the right to face her kindness.
「Do you want to know more about you two?」
Shiona smiled at me and said,
「Does that mean you're Humans?」
「Yes, Human. Do you want to know about our partner?」
If I can learn, I want to know.
So I nodded.
「I want to know... I want to know how we ended up like this.」
「Rei, do you remember the picture of Tippy in the library?」
「Yeah, I remember...」
「Tipii-chan paints that picture every day. Every day, every day, at any time, every day.」
I closed my eyes and recalled that scene.
There were dozens or hundreds of those pictures drawn in crayons.
「How many do you think there are?」
「I don't know... If you're a Phylloid, then you've been drawing for years... There must be at least a thousand of them.」
「Eighty-six thousand six hundred seventy-one.」
「Eighty thousand...」
Again, a strong wave of dizziness assaulted me. But it wasn't from the explosion or the blood loss that followed.
Did that mean that Tipi had spent such a long time alone in the dark library?
There shouldn't have been many people coming to that library.
I'm sure it was a lonely day.
Thinking about the time Tipi had spent there, she felt a sense of dread, as if that alone was enough to make her lose her footing
That's what Tipi has been holding back all this time.
With that small body.
「We Phylloids were born a few decades ago. Humans wanted us to――」
Shiona taught me the history of Phylloids as if singing a song.
First of all, Phylloids were androids that had reached the stage of practical use, equipped with Human emotions.
It was equipped with basic emotional information from the very beginning, and it adopted a system that allowed it to learn new emotions through independent thought processes afterward.
Including that, it was fair to say she was extremely close to a Human.
As a result, she could become extremely close to Humans, both at work and in life.
Before long, companies with custom-made emotions and memories appeared, bringing about an unprecedented phylloid boom.
A family that can't have children buys their children's phylloids, and those who have lost their parents or children order a phylloid with those memories.
In the blink of an eye, the number of Phylloids had increased, and in just over a decade, a number comparable to the population of Humans had been produced.
Among them, the most groundbreaking was the Phylloid equipped with the most complex emotion of Humans called “love.”
It had the ability to carry its existence as a partner in life.
Even without going through the process of love, you can obtain the one you love, and that love is semi-permanently guaranteed.
The demand in society, where late marriage had progressed and the number of Humans prioritizing work over romance had increased, was great, and it was accepted with applause.
However, no children were born into the family that had succeeded in marrying Phylloids, which only spurred on the declining birth rate.
And the declining birthrate would create a shortage of marriage partners, which would create a loop in the process of increasing the number of marriage partners with Phylloids.
「And at some point, Humans forgot how to nurture love.」
Shiona smiled sadly.
「Human children were artificially created using science. However, Humans who lost their love couldn't teach their children love.」
Love was the cause of all emotions.
Because I have love, I feel the joy of being able to touch someone.
Because you have love, you know what you want to protect, and you feel anger when it hurts you.
Because I have love, I feel sadness when I lose something important.
Because there's love... We share the same emotions, share them, and know how fun it is.
But... I forgot about that.
Those Humans who came to town must be those kind of 'Humans.'
Humans who had forgotten their 'emotions' along with love had even lost their hearts to care for others.
Humans no longer needed love, and they began to feel shunned by the existence of phylloids with emotions.
When I think about the efficiency of my actions, there's so much waste...
The Humans eventually came to think that Phylloids should be machines.
To go into a harsh environment... to do dangerous work... to abuse it beyond the limits of its specs...
However, there were Humans who didn't like that.
Leaving behind the emotion called love, the Human pleads: Phyllods are partners.
The world split into two.
Humans with love, and Humans without.
And then the Humans, who didn't have it, came to a conclusion.
That the ideas of the old generation were foolish, that they should be exterminated...
He didn't even hesitate to press the button on the weapon that was burning the earth.
Everything else was too soon.
Retaliation called for retaliation, and it took less than five days for the world to be engulfed in flames and ash.
Poisoned land, black clouds blocking the sunlight, and an ocean that couldn't moisten life.
The history of Humans ends with their own hands...
That was such a foolish choice.
「We, born for the sake of Humans, stole the most important thing to Humans.」
「That's not true... It's all us Humans' fault...」
「But there were a lot of Humans who survived. No matter how battered the world gets, life doesn't stop walking.」
Shiona called out to me gently, and I couldn't find the words to respond.
「...Ahem, ahh, ahhh, ahhh.」
Suddenly, Shiona began practicing her vocalization.
And then, when she turned to face me――
「Nice to meet you. I'm the MODA-117 Alice mk-17, manufactured by Asou International. Have you registered as a User yet? If you're done registering, please decide on my individual name. It's the first name you can give me. Please be careful!」
――That caught me off guard.
I’d never seen her before... or so I’d say, but this was the first time I’d ever seen Shiona this bright and innocent.
「Were you surprised?」
Shiona asked, returning as usual.
「Y-Yeah...」
「That was the oldest memory I have.」
Just when did it happen? I can't imagine it.
「Back then, every day was like a festival... It was really lively.」
With that, Shiona showed me a newspaper clipping and what looked like a piece of paper.
“A world-class musician, passing away.”
The photo on it was the same as the one in the photo frame in Shiona’s room.
He had a face similar to mine.
「Is this... Onii-san?」
「That's right, this story happened a long time ago. ...You see, I'm the latest model among the manufactured Phylloids. The fifth generation, I think.」
What about Shiona’s feelings as she described herself as being “manufactured”?
Phyllods have emotions, just like Humans.
In other words, it was the same as a Human.
Is it really that easy to say?
「My generation is the first model to be equipped with the concept of human ‘death’. To get as close to Humans as possible. But the models before me don’t have it... Mud-san and Tippy-chan do. Neither of them understand ‘death’. It’s pointless to explain. The day will never come when they understand it.」
It meant that she would continue to wait without knowing death.
That's hope, but it's hope that will never be rewarded.
The despair known as hope.
She thrusts it at me unconditionally.
If she was going to thrust something like that at me, wouldn’t it have been better if she’d just taught me despair from the start?
I thought it would be better that way.
「Tippi-chan was the previous model... If I remember correctly, she was a second-generation Phylloid. Up until the second generation, she couldn't extract energy from food. That's why she's powered by electricity. However, there's a limit to how long the battery can run. She has that teddy bear as her auxiliary battery.」
Thinking back on it, Tippy always had a stuffed animal in her hand whenever she moved somewhere.
I hadn't realized at all that it was a battery.
But there was something that made sense.
That's why Tippy was in that library the whole time.
There's the only generator system in town in that library.
Tipi stayed in that place so she could continue her activities.
「Tipii-chan's parents passed away a long time ago. Probably over 200 years ago. But she's been waiting for you, since she doesn't have a concept of death. She's been alone for a long, long time.」
What a horrible story.
I don’t know how long Phylloids live, but that’s how Tipi spent hundreds of years.
Tears streamed down her cheeks day after day.
A future that shouldn't be coming... I'm trapped in a hope that won't come true.
All alone in that library.
It looks like there's a lead ball deep in her chest.
It hurts so much.
But the more I think about it, the deeper it falls.
「But it's painful to know.」
And Shiona was aware of death. In other words, she couldn't even hold onto the hope that they might meet again.
「Ray is watching Mud-san collapse at the general store.」
「Yeah... It was weird. It was like my soul had left my body without any external wounds...」
I understand now. Mud-san was already broken back then.
「But we have to live like this. Until the day we die--until the day we break down. For those of us who don't get sick, that's as good as eternity. That's why we try to be Humans. It's too sad if we don't, isn't it? We inherit the work our partners were doing, and we do the job of a post that's gone... Just like Humans do, we go around the world. So that this world that Humans have been spinning will never stop.」
Mud ran a general store.
Photographers, taverns, and towns were lined with all sorts of shops.
That was all part of Phyllod’s work.
It was the Phyllods’ efforts to protect the Human world.
It was the last hope of the Phyllods, who had been left behind.
「When Humans come back someday, we'll spend every day so that we can talk about the world from when we were having fun, so that we can return it.」
Shiona smiled.
An emotion that would never match the current situation.
With that smile, Shiona was protecting herself.
I could see the sadness in her smile.
「...But we Phylloids have flaws too. If something is too painful to bear, only some emotion comes forward. I'm like this, Mud-san is always angry, and Tippy-chan is always sad.」
“But,” Shiona continued
「That's our last bastion. If even that emotion disappears, we'll be destroyed... We'll die.」
「Then, when Shiona was shot, Mud-san...」
「That's right. She wasn't on a journey. After Ray finished showing that movie, Mud-san was scared—no, she stopped moving.」
「So the one who closed the shop was――Shiona?」
「Yeah. I thought that if I didn't, Ray would question it, regardless of the townspeople. That's how it was, isn't it?」
「Well, yeah, but...」
If the store had stayed open there, I would have definitely entered the store and found Mud-san, who had stopped moving.
If the Humans hadn't come, there's no doubt they wouldn't have noticed for a long time.
In the end, it was certain that I wasn't seeing things.
I didn't want to believe it, but that was the truth.
「Onii-chan said, 'Emotions are the pieces of the puzzle called life.' Emotions are the pieces that hold life together. If you lose your emotions, all the pieces fall apart. The same goes for Humans and Phylloids. Mud-san broke because his anger toward his son was dispelled.」
If that's the case, I'm the one who killed Mud.
I found the regenerative device on my own and showed Mud the movie about my son.
If only I hadn't done that, Mud-san would still be moving without breaking.
Shiona must have sensed my feelings, because she went around to my left and put her hand on top of mine.
「Don't worry, it's not Ray's fault. We're fated to end up like that sooner or later. It's the same as how Humans can't escape death. Mud-san must have been happy. He was finally able to learn how his son really feels.」
「Maybe. But...」
My despondent feelings only grew.
If I had known that back then—I would have forced myself to stop.
「You're so kind, Ray...」
「That's not true...」
Shiona stood next to me.
I couldn’t see Shiona’s expression.
Anxiety hits my chest from the inside.
「I mean, even if I knew, I still wished for it. I thought I'd be able to see that smile again someday.」
Shiona smiled sadly as she looked down at the picture of her brother.
「That's why, when I first met Ray, I was so happy. Ah, it was a dream after all. Onii-chan was alive.」
I'm going to die.
Whether I knew it or not, both were painful things.
They were made to be good by Humans, forced on their families, and then left with nothing but the pain of death.
Selfish and despicable.
That was us Humans.
「Tipii-chan feels lonely after losing her family. So if she acts like a family member, she'll die. But that doesn't mean she doesn't want Ray to say those words. There's a rule that says we Phylloids mustn't act like ‘realize that we're Phylloids.’ That's because it destroys Human dreams. But I went too far... I'm sorry.」
Shiona bowed her head, and a sweet scent wafted through the air.
It's true that what Shiona did wasn't something to be forgiven.
But considering Shiona’s feelings, it was also clear that the method was the most appropriate.
「It can't be helped. Shiona just followed the rules. It's not her fault.」
Forgive someone, forgive someone. Forgive someone.
Apologizing, apologizing.
Crying, getting angry, laughing.
That's what a Human is.
As Phyllods, the girls knew that better than anyone.
「Thank you for telling me, Shiona. For being so nice to a Human like me――」
As a Human, I'm sorry.
I didn't think I'd be able to repay the Phyllods for all they've done for me.
While we were doing this, the Humans might be “disposing” of the Phylloids in town.
And Phylloids wouldn't be able to put up much of a fight against it.
The thought made me unable to hide the pain deep in my chest.
Shiona gently reached out her arm and pulled me close.
A warm warmth enveloped me.
「Isn't it obvious? Humans and Phylloids are partners, both in the past and in the present. The future is set in stone.」
I felt like there was an emotion there that I didn't understand until the very end.
It was warm, wide, deep, strong, gentle, soft, big, and precious.
Humans had lost something terrible.
But since Humans had forgotten, the girls remembered.
Years, decades, hundreds of years.
Even as they endured the loneliness, the girls continued to protect them.
I felt like I had to inherit it and protect her in the same way.
That's not an obligation or an order.
It was what I wanted.
「I'm home. There's clean water here.」
As I shared my body heat with Shiona, Tipi called out to me from behind.
Embarrassed for some reason, I quickly put some distance between myself and Shiona.
The warmth that had been touching my skin was being kidnapped by the air.
But the gap was soon filled with a new warmth.
When I looked, I saw that Tipi had gotten between Shiona and me.
「You too, Tippy. Squeeze tight.」
Shiona and I exchanged glances.
Shiona seems to be entrusting the decision to me.
Tipi had lived alone for two hundred years.
At this rate, Tippy would be able to live a semi-permanent life without breaking.
But is that happiness?
Was there any value in an empty life?
I hugged Shiona close.
Tipi was standing between them.
Shiona hugged me in the same way.
Tipi hugged us both and murmured softly.
「It's warm...」
It’s the first warmth I’ve felt in two hundred years.
This little thing had been waiting for Tipi for two hundred years.
It was a very sad time...
If I can give her two hundred years’ worth of warmth, then I definitely want to give it to her.
Because if you do, I feel like you can say that the time you've been waiting for isn't a waste.
「What are you going to do now, Ray?」
Shiona asked me, still holding Tipi from behind.
「If possible... I want to help everyone in town, but... I don't think I can right now.」
I'm sorry to the townspeople, but I don't have that power.
First, I want to solidify the safety of both Shiona and Tippy.
「It's a little far, but let's go to the factory where I woke up.」
No, that place probably wasn't a factory.
A world no longer inhabited by humans due to the war, a facility that would continue to sleep until its polluted land was even slightly better.
I... I woke up a little late.
「There was still electricity there. Shiona and I can take it orally, so we'll be fine as long as we bring food out of town. But in the case of Tippy, we have to charge it.」
「Shiona...」
Tipi raised her voice, probably realizing it from what she’d just said.
「Yeah, that's right. ...Sorry.」
「No. I thought it was time to go.」
With a somewhat sad, yet slightly stiff expression, Tipi continued.
「Tippi needs to do what he can, too... Now's our chance.」
「...Tipii-chan?」
Something must have caught Shiona’s eye, as she asked Tipi a question.
「The three of us will survive.」
Those were aimless words.
There's no guarantee.
Even so, all I could do was continue to say those words.
「The three of us will survive together forever and ever.」
It was just an ideal.
I know the world isn't so naive as to be able to live on ideals alone.
Of course, the same was probably true for Shiona
Even so, Shiona didn’t question me in the slightest
Anxiety and dissatisfaction.
I sealed away all of those words.
I'm sure those things filled my heart.
As a matter of fact, those emotions were ravaging my heart.
Even so, it was necessary.
Words of hope.
「...Yeah.」
Shiona nodded and hugged Tipi and me even tighter.
And so, we began our journey toward the facility.
「This is the town...」
Witnessing the wasteland, Tippy pulls the teddy bear close to her chest.
「It's different from the scenery you know, Tippy?」
「Yeah. The last time I saw you, there was Michi, there was Mori, and then... and then...」
The scenery that Tippi had told us about was on an even larger scale than the festival-like days Shiona had told us about
Back then, Humans seemed to have been able to freely control not only the town, but nature, Phyllods, and even the weather.
「In that case... By the time I started operating, the Humans had already begun to decline...」
Shiona looked a little lonely. The hem of her clothes was large in the dusty wind.
「Come on, let's go!」
With a little bit of food and a spare battery for Tippy, we set off through the wilderness to survive.
And most of all, to survive.
I struggle, struggle, and survive.
She struggled, struggled, and lived.
As long as I'm alive, that's all I need.
It was valuable just to be alive.
That's what I truly thought.
Using the position of the sun as a guide, which I could faintly feel through the dim clouds, I searched my memory as I walked.
As the sun set and the temperature dropped, the three of us fell asleep, shoulders huddled together.
Sometimes we sing, sometimes we encourage each other, sometimes we play...
I'll continue my journey that's not just painful.
We crossed the reddish-brown earth and arrived at our destination three whole days later, when the sun was starting to set.
「The building's half-buried in sand... We can't find it like this. I didn't think we'd still have this equipment...」
When we entered the interior, there was a faint light, and the air conditioning made a faint sound from somewhere.
The inside of the room hadn't changed at all when I woke up. For now, I put away all the Phylloid parts that were probably uncomfortable for Shiona and Tippy.
I'm sure these phylloids were protecting us humans while we were in cold sleep.
「Yay, I'm done!」
Tipi dashed off and quickly sat down on the sofa she’d set up.
As soon as I sat down, the strength drained from my body.
Looks like I pushed her pretty hard.
「...This place is kinda cold.」
「It was originally meant for cold sleep, after all.」
Even though it's indoors, it's still a little colder than outside.
The fact that the air conditioning had been turned on meant that there was still a function to raise the temperature inside the facility.
But I don't know where it is.
「I hope it's a heater...」
「This is what I should do. Ray, sit next to Tippy.」
「Like this?」
「I'll get closer!」
「L-Like this?」
She was practically glued to Tipi, and when I asked her that, Shiona looked satisfied
「Yeah, I'm fine now!」
With that, she sat down on the opposite side of the table from where she was glued to Tippy.
――Strongly, like me and Tippy.
「See? It's warm like this.」
「Y-Yeah... You're right.」
It was definitely warm. It was warm, but...
「What do you think, Tippy? Are you still cold?」
「Hmm... It's warm.」
Tipi narrowed her eyes and snuggled up to my arm.
「Warm? I see. That's good.」
「Yeah, it's warm... It's really warm, Ray. It's like...」
「It's like, what's wrong?」
「When I'm like this, it's like I'm peeking.」
「.........」
「Tippi's mommy and dad used to be nice to her like this.」
「Yeah. It's warm, like that time.」
「...Yeah, it's warm.」
「...Hey, why don't you hold me again? Hold me tight?」
I almost hugged her without thinking, but I stopped when I felt Shiona’s sad gaze on me.
「Tipii-chan, I can't do that.」
「Why? Won't you hug me?」
「Yes, that's right. After all, we're not family or anything.」
「It's not a scarecrow... Tipi, are you all alone?」
「Yes. No matter how long we've been together, I'm alone. I can't change that.」
To pick up only her words, it was something cold, as if she hated Tipi.
But now I understand.
That those words were filled with kindness.
It was the only emotion left in Tippy.
—Sadness.
Filling Tipi’s heart meant releasing her from her sadness...
In other words, it was as good as dying.
Up until now, I had been hugging Tipi without thinking about anything.
But maybe that was just too cruel a kindness.
No, maybe it wasn't even kindness.
It was nothing more than an act of self-satisfaction that would shorten Tipi’s lifespan
Shiona had endured it all this time.
To protect Tipi’s sorrowful emotions...and most importantly, to protect her.
Honestly, she probably wanted to hug him.
She probably wanted to pat him on the head and say something nice to him.
She probably wanted to give him a smile that would make her heart turn orange.
She had endured it for a long time without holding out her hand to this blue girl.
That's why I thought I had to endure it too.
That's what I thought... but I couldn't stop myself.
I just couldn't leave this sad-looking girl in front of me alone.
I hugged Tipi, along with Shiona, who was up ahead.
The back of my eyes grew hot.
She knew this was an act that would shorten Tipi’s lifespan, so she asked herself why she couldn’t stop it.
Isn't she just fulfilling her own desires temporarily...?
I really am a Human...
She's selfish, self-interested, and a Human who hurts people.
I hugged them so tightly it hurt.
I hugged both of them close to each other.
We drew closer to the warmth to fill the two-hundred-year gap.
Three people's worth of warmth didn't give off that cold feeling, even in the cold equipment.
That's how warm it was.
A melody naturally spilled from Shiona’s mouth
That song my brother wrote.
That melody gives me a warmth deep in my chest.
Her gentle singing echoes throughout the factory.
「Tippy, I love Shionah's utopia.」
Tipi said, burying her face in my chest.
「I remember when Papa and Mama were here... and for some reason, I can't stop.」
The girl continued to grieve.
Tipi has been repeating that sadness for two hundred years.
Maybe I can't wipe away those two hundred years' worth of sadness.
But I can give her this momentary warmth.
In this brief moment of warmth, I decided to embrace them for two hundred years’ worth of time.
But that small amount of time didn't last long.
「Huh...? Tippy?」
She turned to look at Tipi, who was sitting on the sofa.
There was Tipi, staring blankly ahead.
「What's wrong? Are you not feeling well?」
「Hmm? ...Hmm...」
She doesn't seem to be doing well.
Maybe it was because I was freed from the tension, or maybe it was because I'd walked so long.
Either way, it looks like she needs a break.
「Tippi seems tired too, so let's rest for today.」
「...Y-Yeah.」
She replies one tempo later. She must have been thinking about something.
「Ray, Tippy-chan, you might not have enough energy. Maybe that's why you're losing focus.」
「I see... Then we'll have to resupply the electricity. ...Huh? I wonder how we'll do that.」
「It's a non-contact charge. The charging equipment should be the same, so we need to find a connector and store it in the teddy bear first.」
「Okay. If you find something that looks like that, please check it out.」
「Leave it to me.」
Leaving Tipi on the sofa, I checked what was in the equipment.
There are a lot of cold sleep devices lined up. I look for something that's still leaking cold air inside.
Then she opened the maintenance lid at its base and examined several cables connected to the switchboard.
Not long after, I discovered something like an electrical connector attached to a thick cable.
「Yeah, I'll be fine with this type. I'll borrow a teddy bear from you, Tippy-chan.」
Shiona borrowed a teddy bear from Tippy, opened the zipper on her back, and bared the connection terminal.
I plugged the charging connector into it, and the bear’s eyes flashed twice.
That must have been the signal to start charging, because Shiona breathed a sigh of relief.
Tipi tightens her grip on the bear's hand, too. She can probably feel the power just from that. It feels like the light in her eyes has grown stronger.
「Shiona, let's eat too.」
I show her the oral block I found while looking for a cable to charge it.
It's the same thing I found on my way out of this facility.
「The taste isn't compared to Shiona's soup, but I think it's nutritious.」
「No, I'm happy because I'm hungry. Just being able to eat makes my chest feel warm.」
I lined up the portable plates and lined up the oral blocks on top of them.
Because I thought that doing this would make it look like a meal, even if only a little.
At a time like this, I want to treasure my daily life, even if it's just a small matter.
I wanted to trace back to what I did at Shiona's house in that town.
「It looks delicious.」
Shiona smiled at me, as if to accept my wish.
We put our hands together in front of the meal.
Tipi, who had been watching us, came up to us.
Then, when she placed the teddy bear in front of her, she put her hands together, just like we did.
「I'll be with everyone.」
「Tipii-chan...?」
「Haha, that's an amazing feast, Tippy. It's really luxurious.」
Tipi looked embarrassed and bashful.
These past few days, when it had been nothing but painful things, it was time to relax.
In the distant past, we Humans must have lived like this with our Phyllod partners.
No, I should still be able to get my life back.
Now that I've lost my emotions, I should be able to get back the time I've forgotten... just like the girls taught me...
I thought about that as I brought the remaining oral block on the plate to my mouth.
That's when it happened.
“Warning. The main battery’s wear rate is over 90 percent. Please perform battery replacement maintenance as soon as possible.”
Suddenly, in a businesslike tone, Tippy said something like that.
“We’ll request an online exchange from the service center—the service center is offline. We’ll try again.—The service center is offline. We’ll try again.—The service center is offline. We’ll try again...”
「Shiona, this is――!」
「I don't know much about it, but Tippy-chan's battery can't charge.」
「I couldn't charge it...」
The voltage was different? No, it was through a teddy bear, so that shouldn't be a problem.
Does that mean there's a problem with the battery itself?
If there's a possibility... maybe it's degraded over time. Now that I think about it, it's a battery that's been operating for over 200 years.
It wouldn't be strange for her to be exhausted.
「We might need a new battery...」
「A brand-new battery... And Tipi-chan's generation couldn't have been replaced without a professional engineer taking it apart once...!」
「No way...」
A cold sweat runs down my back.
In other words, Tipi would cease to be active—no, would she die?
「No way, we've come this far...!」
「It's okay... I already knew that.」
When Tipi’s voice returned to its usual tone, all we could do was stare at her as if she’d been struck by lightning.
「Tipii-chan, could it be that you knew this would happen...?」
「Yeah... I thought this would happen from the moment we left the library. I've noticed that the battery charging rate has been dropping since 647 days ago.」
Tipi replied with a weak smile.
「More importantly, Tipi needs to do what she can... Ray, could you bring me the metal bag that Tipi was carrying?」
「O-Okay!」
A slim but somewhat unrefined metal bag that Tipi had been carrying ever since she left the library. Carrying something heavier than she’d expected, she carried it in front of Tipi.
Tipi casually places one hand in the middle of her bag. That alone unlocks the two locks on the side of the handle automatically.
There's a single black board inside. It's probably about the size of a slightly larger book. But it's much thinner than that, and it's only about half the size of a short picture book.
Tipi carefully pulled it out with both hands, then slowly turned to face me.
「Ray, put your palm here. It's not a machine.」
「Like this?」
I do as Tipi says and place the non-prosthetic hand on top of the black board. Then...
A flowing male voice rang out from the blackboard.
「The current management, the Vortex Corporation's M.S.K. 3737 model name, 'Dorothy' individual name, 'Tipii,' approves the continuation of the work. Continue the registration process.」
“I’ve confirmed it. Registration applicant, please tell me your name to identify the individual.”
「Umm... Ray.」
“Understood. As a new administrator, I’ve registered {Ray}. As for how to use it, please accept an oral explanation from the current administrator. That’s all.”
Having said that much, the black board fell silent.
「Tippi, that was...」
「All the books in the library have been digitized. It's backup data for Tippy's memory region.」
Tipi answers in a tone that sounds a little tired—and yet somehow accomplished.
I recalled the many handwritten books lined up in the library.
Tipi remembered the words written there, word for word.
So that book was written by Tipi after all.
So that even if I stopped myself someday... No, I could predict that I would stop, and leave a record of prehistoric civilization as a book.
That place wasn't the library. It was the library itself.
「When you use it, place your hand in the middle of the board, just like before. That way, the tablet—the board—will start glowing. After that, you can use the admin's voice recognition function to call up all the data...」
「Well then...」
I do as Tipi says and activate the board called the tablet. I do as she says and place my palm on it.
“Biometrics confirmed, administrator Ray authenticated. Which data do you want to load?”
「The manual! How to repair the Phylloids... Um, how to replace the batteries!」
“Let’s begin the search... There’s three thousand ninety-five items, twelve hundred forty-seven hundred and fifty-one types of information on how to repair the Phylloids. I recommend narrowing it down.”
「From among them is the Vortex Corporation's M.S.K.3737 model, Dorothy.」
“Commence search... The conditions match.”
The surface of the tablet glows brightly. Then letters appear.
“It’s almost impossible for a user to repair it. Please let me rest until personnel from the service center arrive.”
My vision goes dark.
「How is it? Is it working?」
「Yeah, it's moving... but...」
「That tablet... only moves... around a lot more...」
It's more than enough time for me, but it's probably not that long of a time for Phylloids and library management systems.
「Is it really okay for me to use it?」
「If anything, use it. From now on......Tippi won't be able to hold out much longer......」
「That's not true! You've been saving me all this time, haven't you?!」
When I fixed Shiona's music box, when I fixed Mud's projector, all of that had been done because Tipi had memorized the library's books and taught me.
「I'm happy to hear you say that, Ray... Use this from now on...」
Tipi, who had been sitting on the sofa, slowly lay down.
「Tipii!」
「Tipii-chan!」
I've been waiting for two hundred years.
I can't let that end here.
Tippy’s small mouth flapped up and down.
She sounded like she was saying something, but her voice was so quiet that it didn't reach my ears.
I brought my ear close to her mouth.
「Hey, Ray... Tippy, that was fun.」
Tippy put her hand on top of mine.
It's a small, soft hand.
「Ray is your father, Shiona is your mother... You're both a kind, loving family.」
No matter how coldly I treated her, no matter how much I pushed her away, I couldn't hide my true feelings.
Tipi had noticed.
How much we cared about Tipi.
Ever since we got involved, it had been decided that this would happen to Tipi.
That's something I can't do anything about.
Being alone for so long was the only way for Tippy to live.
But of course that’s impossible.
Tippy has emotions.
We're not perfect enough to overlook sadness.
No, I wouldn't call that perfect.
It's because we can feel sadness that we're allowed to have emotions.
Slowly.
Tipi’s eyes closed like a handkerchief sinking into the water’s surface.
Even though they're phyloids we created, we can't even save them.
She created as much as she could, and there was nothing she could do after that.
Humans really are selfish creatures.
「Hey, Shiona...」
Tipi's eyelids slowly opened again. But the light was already gone from them. She probably couldn't see them anymore.
「I'm here... I'm here, Tippy...」
Shiona’s voice was trembling slightly.
「Thank goodness... Right, Shiona?」
「Yeah...?」
「Thank you for everything up until now. You did your best to keep Tipi from breaking, didn't you?」
「As I'm sure you've noticed, it's been over two hundred years since we first started operating... But it's been a hundred and fifty years since it started working. So this isn't Shiona's or Ray's fault. We did what we could...」
When Tippi had left the library and come to the church, Shiona had apologized to Tippi, and then Tippi had forgiven her
That's what she meant by that...
「So please. Shiona, don't cry... Sing... Sing...」
「Yeah... Yeah――!」
「Tipii... I love Shiona's song...」
Shiona began to sing. She started sobbing from time to time, throwing off her rhythm. But Shiona continued to sing. The melody...
「Thank... you...」
Tipi smiled—and then stopped moving.
My hands tremble.
And that's not all.
My whole body was shaking.
Right now, on my lap, one small life has come to an end.
If you ask people, that might not be life.
But to me, it was an irreplaceable life.
Shiona continued to sing quietly.
She wasn't out of tune anymore. She was no different from usual—or so she thought, but the song had an endlessly transparent ring to it.
It was a melody dedicated to Tipi.
Something hot flowed down my cheek.
It ran down Tipi’s chin and landed on her cheek.
Even though Tipi wasn’t crying, she looked like she was crying.
I hugged Tipi.
Her small body would never move again.
Her mouth was no longer able to speak.
Her hand no longer drew a picture.
That’s ‘death’.
A warmth spread through my head.
Shiona was hugging me.
Instantly, my eyes grew hot.
This is an emotion that spills out. An unbearable pain, an uncontrollable longing... An unbelievable sadness.
For the first time in my life, I shed tears.
Tears for Tippy...
After that, our lives changed drastically.
It's the e-book terminal where all the books in the library are stored.
Because it was once called a tablet, my knowledge of it had increased rapidly.
How to make crops, houses that could be made with only stone and mud, how to predict the weather, and so many animals and plants that I could no longer see.
Furthermore, it was a newspaper database from the past 350 years, until the library ceased functioning.
I'm sure if I do a search, I'll be able to investigate myself.
「Are you studying again today, Ray?」
「Yeah. There are a lot of things I have to remember.」
「What book are you reading today?」
「Survival... No matter the environment, it's how to survive.」
The cold sleep facility didn't have that much power. And if there was, it had to be able to survive to a certain extent with just a small amount of electricity.
We have already begun securing drinking water using morning dew and night dew, and the problem of securing the weakest drinking water in this facility is improving considerably.
That's right. From here on out, we won't be able to move forward if we just use physical strength and brute strength like we have up until now.
What we need from now on is knowledge. With knowledge, we can take on a large number of opponents on our own, and we can avoid them without having to face them in the first place—or even win.
It might even be possible to help the townspeople.
I devoured the “power” that Tipi had left for me.
While I was reading, Shiona sang beside the motionless Tipi.
Among the luggage I took out of town was Shiona’s brother’s music box.
From time to time, instead of singing, she would turn the handle and play the gentle melody of the music box.
It was a very peaceful, comforting time.
With my current 'knowledge,' I should be able to live here with Shiona forever.
That's why... I didn't notice.
The fact that something was wrong with Shiona’s body...
「Ray, the food is ready.」
Shiona prepared the food with a smile, as usual.
She was dissolving the oral block with water, making it look like soup.
It was very similar to the soft, orange soup Shiona always made for me in town
「Thank you. Drinking this soup cheers me up.」
「Hearing you say that makes me happy too. It makes my heart turn orange.」
「But Shiona, there's not much soup left.」
Compared to mine, the amount of soup in the bowl is less than half.
「I'm a Phylloid, so this much should be enough for me if I put it in save mode.」
「Really?」
「Yeah. So eat up, Ray. You don't feel well when you're hungry, do you?」
Ah... Why didn't I notice?
At that time... her Phylloid functions had already deteriorated...
With half of my energy, it was only operating at a sufficient level.
As usual, I read the book and Shiona sang for me.
Tracing the surface of the tablet with my fingertips, I wondered if there was any way to free the townspeople.
Then, the rhythm of the song that had been playing comfortably suddenly stopped.
Wondering if something had happened, I looked up to see Shiona frozen in place, covering her own mouth
The music box in my hand has stopped as well.
「Shiona...? What's wrong?」
「Umm... No, it's nothing. I just wanted to sing...」
She says, and takes a deep breath.
Then she started singing again, but...
「...Huh? I don't know what kind of pitch it was...」
「Shio...na...?」
「Ahaha... That's strange. It's the song I loved so much, but hold on, I'll remember it right away...」
Shiona closed her eyes and tried to sing out of the many places she’d cut off
However, the investigation that flowed out of her mouth was completely different from what I knew.
「I wonder what's wrong... I can't remember Onii-chan's song...」
「Shiona?! Is there anything wrong with your body?!」
I was an idiot. In the end, it was all about me.
Shiona had been kind to me, cherished me, satisfied with that, spoiled me... I hadn’t thought about her.
She’d been caught up in an explosion that made her lose the artificial skin on her arm when she’d left town.
「Shiona! You were seriously injured during that explosion!」
Shiona thought for a moment, then shook her head.
「That was fine. Yeah.」
Shiona――Phylloids don't lie.
But when I think about Humans, I hide my words.
She said she'd be fine, so there probably wasn't any damage from being caught up in the explosion.
Just like she said, that was...
「...Shiona. Could you show me your condition?」
「...Yeah.」
At my urging, Shiona hesitated just once before nodding.
Embarrassed by the suddenness of it all, I tried to look away, but what was there wouldn't let go of my gaze.
Shiona's white, firm chest.
There was a small hole in it.
「Well...」
Forgetting that it was a woman's body, I approached the wound.
This is a gunshot wound.
I immediately remember when she protected me from Humans at Mud-san's shop.
「It... hit me...」
「I thought you'd be okay, but it seems that wasn't the case.」
Shiona stuck out her tongue a little, like a child whose pranks had been discovered, but without showing any sign of guilt, and smiled.
I know it's a smile to keep me from feeling guilty.
Even at a time like this, she's thinking about me.
「...Kh, search! MODA-117 Alice Mk-17 Maintenance Manual!」
The tablet glowed faintly in response to my voice.
But Shiona covered the screen with her hand. Then she slowly shook her head.
The smile never left her face.
「It's my own body. I know it better than anyone.」
「But... there might be a way! If only you'd told me sooner...」
No, there's a reason I didn't tell you.
Shiona knew that she had a fatal injury that she probably wouldn’t be able to fix.
Even if I struggle, that won't change the reality.
It's repulsive to put it into words.
The word “death” appeared in my head.
No matter how much I don't want to think about it, it just keeps popping into my head.
「I know. I'm going to die soon. I'm a Phylloid, so maybe I should say ‘broken’?」
No, Shiona.
You won't break.
I'm gonna die.
「Ahaha, I guess I'm a little out of it. I can't put any strength into my body...」
Shiona’s shoulders slumped with a click, and then she fell straight toward the floor.
「Shiona!」
I hastily caught it, and picked it up so that it would be as easy as possible.
How long had she been like this?
Why didn't I notice...?
「Breaking... Does that mean I won't be me anymore...? But can I fix it...?」
「Don't worry... Shiona is Shiona...」
「Ahaha... You know, right now... I'm a little scared...」
「Shiona... Shiona...」
「Don't cry, Ray. You'll make Tippi laugh at you like that.」
Shiona reached out for my cheek.
What she brushed away with her fingertips were my second tears.
「I don't want Ray to turn blue... I want him to always be orange and fluffy...」
Sad.
An unbelievable sadness welled up inside me.
It multiplys endlessly in my mind, and I don't know if it'll stay.
As time passes, that sadness becomes more intense.
Why is it so sad?
That's the answer I get right away.
Because it's important.
She was important to me.
Even if the same Phylloid appeared in front of me, it would be meaningless.
It's fine if it looks different.
As long as it's you on the inside.
「Ray... I thought of you as family. Part of it is that you looked like Onii-chan, but that's not all. I thought you were important to me.」
Family.
That was a being who could believe in and help each other for free, even though there was no profit in it at all.
That’s “love.”
Before I knew it, the emotion I wanted.
Before I knew it, I realized that emotion.
It's been given to me for a long... long time.
It's a natural emotion when you're walking with someone in order to live.
「What's wrong, Ray...? Don't look so sad... Oh yeah, let's sing. Let's go to the plaza again... Everyone will be happy.」
「...Shiona...?」
「I promised everyone. Ray smiled at me. He made me happy.」
Those are memories of when we were happy. Memories of the fun days we went to town.
It's probably a cloud of memory.
But...
「...Yeah, let's sing. Everyone's looking forward to it.」
I turned the handle of the music box on the floor.
The melody starts playing quietly.
Shiona’s cheeks relaxed, and she closed her eyes before starting to sing.
I closed my eyes and listened intently to her investigation.
It's definitely not a long time, but the scene of that town I spent time in.
A person walking down the street stopped and turned to face me.
One by one, they gathered in the plaza.
Children, the elderly, someone’s mother, and her husband were all smiling at the townspeople.
As if intoxicated by the melody Shiona was singing.
I'm sure that scene was natural in the distant past.
Humans and Phylloids had nothing to do with it. They smiled, and they spent their time huddled together.
We've forgotten... It's only natural that we've lost it...
「Hey, Ray... You've been smiling this whole time.」
「...Yeah.」
「It doesn't matter if you're sad or angry... But... smile after that.」
「Hey... If love has a shape, then it must be round. After all, love never hurts anyone.」
I held back my tears and laughed.
「Hey... If love has a warmth, then it must be warm. After all, love warms you up by enveloping you.」
「Yeah... I'm sure that's it.」
「You won't be sad because you have love. After all, love is something you protect, and it won't hurt you. I promise. No matter what happens from now on, our love will protect you.」
I was crying too much, and I felt pain in my eyes.
My vision warps.
But even among them, I could see Shiona’s smile clearly.
「So don't cry. Love will always be by your side. Love is eternal. You don't have to cry. Because it's eternal.」
I put my own hand on top of Shiona’s, which had been pressed against my cheek.
It was warm, but I didn't have much strength left.
It's like something's spilling out from between my hands.
I knew what was spilling out.
But I didn't want to admit it.
I grip her hand tightly, hoping it doesn't spill out.
I can hear a song.
It was the warm melody that Shiona had always hummed.
It entered the gap in my heart that had begun to darken, filling it with warmth.
「Sorry for leaving you all alone again.」
「--! That's not true. That's not true!」
I wanted to scratch my own head.
Only now did I finally realize.
Shiona wasn't afraid of breaking. She was afraid of me being alone again.
「Shiona... gave me a lot of drinks...!」
「Ray?」
I took Shiona's mechanical hand with my Human hand.
That's right. Until I met Shiona, I was a being who couldn't become a Human or a Phylloid.
Shiona stayed close to me the whole time—I was able to become a Human.
「Shiona will always be inside me. I'm not alone anymore. Joy, sadness, anger... It was all given to me by you. I'll never forget it.」
Ahh... This is no good. I have to laugh here.
I had to reassure Shiona, but my emotions wouldn't allow it...
No matter how hard I try, the sadness welling up inside me makes me cry.
「So Shiona, don't look so sad. I'll be fine. I'll definitely be fine.」
「I see... That's good, then.」
Satisfied, Shiona nodded.
「Huh...?」
Shiona narrowed her eyes in confusion. Then, as if pushed out by her eyelids, transparent drops began to cover her eyes.
「I'm sure that's not it...」
I spoke in a trembling voice, smiling reassuringly at Shiona.
Now that I've become a Human, I understand the meaning of those tears.
Shiona noticed right away and smiled back at me.
「Tears... flow when you're happy, don't they?」
The strength slowly drained from Shiona’s body.
Am I smiling?
I wondered if I could keep Shiona smiling so she wouldn’t get anxious.
「...See you later.」
「...Yeah, see you later.」
“Hmph,” I said.
Shiona closed her eyes.
In that moment, Shiona probably had the most beautiful face she’d ever seen.
After that, Shiona no longer opened her eyes.
Her calm face looks like she's smiling.
It's as if she's praying for my happiness.
But there was no happiness in a world without Shiona.
My life after this is the very life of hell itself.
Will I be able to endure it?
...No, I have to endure it.
My chest tightens so much that it hurts.
All emotion creaked as it coursed through my body.
Is my heart this fragile and weak?
Was losing someone important to her really this painful and painful?
「Uah... Aah...!!」
My vision turned pure white, and as if to destroy that world, I cried out and lamented.
「Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...!」
Shiona said
It was true that Shiona’s love might be eternal.
But I couldn't stand it.
I know. This is how emotions feel.
Shiona gave it to me.
This pain, this sadness.
But that wasn't all.
The warmth that barely lingered in my chest, and the memories I had with everyone I could say with pride that it was fun.
That was all Shiona had given me.
Both of them are mine now.
Either way, she would never let go.
How much time had passed?
How long would it take a Human to put their feelings in order?
I...remembered the time I met Shiona, over and over.
About the food we ate together.
When we woke up in the morning and exchanged greetings.
We went shopping together.
I went to the abandoned factory and made her worry.
She was very happy when the music box was fixed.
She sang a song in the town square and was enveloped in a smile.
I made a promise...
I felt her warmth.
I learned joy.
There were times when I felt angry.
I've shed tears of sadness before.
And then... I was given love.
No... It was all love.
This tragedy was brought about by the foolishness of us Humans who lost that love.
Humans are hopelessly selfish.
I repeat the same thing over and over...
Even so, she would need someone.
This is instinct. When I woke up here, I wanted to see Humans too.
It's a desire for love, a desire to walk alongside someone.
I couldn't even notice something that simple...
I looked at the cold sleep device in front of me.
There were still a few of them left, and they were functioning normally, so each of them had Shiona and Tippy sleeping on them.
It was originally meant for Humans, but with this, I should be able to suppress some deterioration over time.
I wanted to leave the girls behind, even if only a little.
I grumbled in front of the two of them, who looked like they were sleeping.
「Shiona, Tippy... I'm going.」
There's no reply.
There's no way.
But I continued.
「I'm going on a journey now. It's not a journey without a goal, so don't worry. I'm going to find a world where Humans and Phylloids can coexist.」
It was also a wish spoken by that Human youth who had been eliminated.
If there was a world where Humans and Phylloids could coexist, this kind of sadness wouldn’t happen.
If there was a world where Humans and Phylloids could coexist, there would be no greater joy.
That's why I'm going to look for her now.
「And if that world didn't exist...」
I clench my iron fist as if to cover it with the palm of my hand.
「----No, there will always be. There will always be a world that you tried to leave for us Humans.」
It will be difficult to find it.
But I have the knowledge that Tippy gave me.
And there was the emotion Shiona had given me.
In this world, there is a partner who will continue to convey love.
That’s why the journey ahead isn’t a journey of despair.
「I'll borrow this. I'll come back to return it someday.」
Shiona's music box is in my hand.
I turned the steering wheel in front of the sleeping Shiona, echoing the melodies of peace packed into it.
I thought I heard her singing in time with the melody.
「Okay, I'm off.」
A world where Humans and Phylloids can hold hands...
I took that first step.
「Even so, I remembered hopeful and continued to reach both arms toward the light.
「Are you awake?」
「...Where am I...?」
「You just woke up from your long slumber. Do you know your name?」
My name is...
「It's an ASOU International-made MODA-117 Alice Mk-17. Its individual name is not set.」
「It looks like the settings have been reset after all. It should be fine to stay Alice for a while.」
The man in front of me held out an old-fashioned wooden box in front of me
「What is this...?」
「It was in the device you were sleeping with.」
I take the box. It feels very nostalgic.
I opened the lid, revealing a dull golden disc. When I turned the handle that was sticking out from the side of the box, a clear tone began to play.
A very beautiful melody flowed through the air as the metal comb was gently deflected.
「It's been played for a long time.」
A melody that wasn't in my records.
And yet, despite that, it was so nostalgic, so warm, that it warmed my heart.
And at the same time...
Something hot was spilling out of my eyes.
「I've confirmed that your emotional functions have gone out of control. You may need maintenance.」
「No, there's no need for that. Take good care of those emotions. ...The knowledge was passed down through the generations, but it took me a long time to regain the skill to make use of it. I'm sorry.」
The man speaks to me gently.
There was something nostalgic about her expression, too.
It's not in the records... My memories...
「Anyway, let's go home after we've finished all the maintenance.」
「Where are you going?」
「It's a town.」
It was bright outside the facility.
Sora is blue and endlessly high. White clouds drift slowly through the air, drawing various shapes.
A warm air fills my artificial heart and lungs. A gentle breeze gently strokes my hair.
It was a natural sight.
For some reason, I couldn't help but feel nostalgic about this normal world.
And... for some reason, I feel very sad.
I get in a car on the paved road.
Everything I can see through the window is beautiful.
It was overgrown with greenery.
A small fish jumps on the surface of the beautiful stream.
In the sky, birds are twittering as they fly in harmony.
「Alright, we're here.」
Through the gate, we arrived at a town surrounded by a white outer wall.
It was full of people.
Humans and Phylloids were taking each other's hands as they lived their normal lives.
The sight made my eyes burn again.
「I'm sorry. There's still the possibility that your emotional functions will go out of control. The rhythm pattern on your chest isn't normal, either.」
「It's fine. I'm sure that's the right thing to do.」
「Really? In that case, am I defective?」
「No, it's normal. You're closer to a Human than any Phylloid.」
Those words made me very happy as a Phylloid.
But I don't understand why she's saying that.
I took a good look at the town, which felt nostalgic.
In a corner of the plaza, Human children and child-shaped Phylloids were playing happily.
That's the photo shop. The Phyllod shopkeeper is taking pictures of the Human family with a smile.
In the general store far away, Humans were shopping, and Phyllod’s shopkeeper was dealing with them unfriendlyly.
「Welcome back, Sensei.」
Phyllod, a very cute girl, ran over to me.
「Hey, I'm home. Be a good girl, Dorothy.」
「Yeah! I got a lot of money while you weren't around. Here.」
The little girl smiled from ear to ear as she showed me the picture she must have drawn.
The townspeople formed a circle, laughing.
The picture drawn in crayon was so warm that just looking at it warmed my heart.
It was a picture that made anyone who saw it feel happy.
「Huh? You're...」
The girl looked up at me.
「Nice to meet you. I'm Alice. Nice to meet you.」
「Alice...? Hello, Alice. Dorothy is Dorothy because she's not here.」
「Yeah, I feel the same way.」
An unregistered Phylloid. What should I do if I don't have a main partner?
Perhaps sensing my unease, the man next to me tapped me on the shoulder.
「What do you want to do?」
「...I wonder what I can do...」
「Alice, are you going to sing?」
「Yeah, you. This is...」
Dorothy closed her eyes and began to sing.
It was a bit clumsy, but it sounded familiar.
「It's been sung for a long, long time. There's no one in the world who doesn't know it.」
With that, the man pulled a music box out of the car.
I opened the lid and turned the handle protruding from the side of the box.
A clear sound was repelled, and a gentle melody began to play.
The townspeople gathered, drawn in by the melody.
Everyone listened to the sound, and their expressions became calm.
I know this scene.
Her memory area, which should have been pure white――A memory that was breathing softly in that much deeper part of her heart beat gently against her chest.
My mouth moved naturally.
That song, which was supposed to be her first time singing, was familiar to her throat, her lips...and her heart.
The melody of the music box filling the plaza is very nostalgic.
「Wow, it's so pretty. Jozu.」
「Yeah, this song... is very important to me.」
