The air moves.
The pale light that had been enveloping me fades away.
Before long, I saw a filthy ceiling.
My right arm, which was stretching toward that place, was a little different from the left arm, which was also stretching out.
My right arm is made of bare machine parts from wrist to tip.
Her fingers moved smoothly, but the sound of scraping metal rang out slightly each time.
Following that, I slowly raised my upper body.
That told me that the pale light that had been in my field of vision earlier was an oval lid with a gentle curve.
Looks like I fell asleep in this capsule-like thing.
I wonder where we are.
I wonder who I am.
Why am I here?
Even if I asked myself, I wouldn't find an answer.
I try to remember, but all I can remember is the pale light.
I got out of the capsule and walked around the room, searching for clues about my memories.
I know I'm walking, but it's been a while since I've done that. My feet are a bit fuzzy.
I walk forward slowly, paying careful attention so that I don't collapse.
The air is lukewarm, and dust clings to my throat every time I breathe in the air.
Outside, the light from the hole in the ceiling flows in through, along with the lines, exposing the dust in the air.
It's likely that there hasn't been anyone in this building for a while.
A thin layer of dust spread out at my feet.
I wonder what this place is for.
Countless ellipse capsules were scattered all over the wide room.
Most of them are open.
It's empty inside.
Sometimes it's closed, but there's nothing inside.
Looks like I'm the only one in this room.
No, to be precise, that wasn't the case.
Some of them are leaning against oval objects, and others are lying on the floor.
But that wasn't it.
That is, to be precise, not a person.
It's more accurate to say it's a human-shaped object.
The human-shaped object had a machine part peeking out from under its skin.
It is a machine part from the neck to the top.
The machine’s arm is exposed.
The lower half of my body was torn apart, and I could see the machine part.
That's when I remembered what that human-shaped object was.
Human partners, made for Humans.
She's close to a Human, carrying not just her five senses, but her emotions as well.
I reach out to Floyd, who's stopped moving.
The bare hands, which weren't covered in skin, were very similar to my right hand.
This is a factory.
I was built here.
...The facility must have been destroyed for some reason, just before it was finished.
Staring at the right hand of the machine before it was covered in artificial skin, I concluded that it was the most likely scenario.
Understanding my own existence, I started walking toward the wall.
There's an old automatic door, and the LCD panel labeled 《CLOSE》 is covered in dust.
I tried touching it with a mechanical hand.
The door opened as soon as I felt something cold, like electricity, on my bloodless fingertip.
Will I be able to get out of here?
I wonder if someone's still in this facility.
I wanted to see you.
I wanted to see Humans.
Let's go look for my partner.
I pushed open the door leading outside.
In order to prove my own existence.
I head to the living room as soon as I get home.
There's a broken music box.
I took the books I borrowed from the library and studied its structure.
Just as I thought, there was a gear inside.
That's why no matter how many times I turn the wheel, the disc won't turn and the sound won't flow.
...But, what should I do with these gears?
Is it possible to make it according to the size described in the book? No, it's impossible.
Unable to find an answer, I proceed to the page of the book.
At the end of the book was a list of each manufacturer's products and a list of parts they used.
As I glanced through it, I noticed someone staring at me.
What we found out was that the music box manufacturer was making clocks.
If that's the case, the exact same exact parts as the clock might be used.
Suddenly, I remembered what I broke in Mad's store.
That clock......if you throw it away without being useful......
If I use the gears in the clock, I might be able to fix the music box.
ray, what are you doing?
Shiona enters the living room at the same time I see the possibility of repairing it.
「Shiona, listen. The music box might be fixed with the parts of the clock in Mad-san's shop.」
Really? Really"
Shiona's smile is even happier than usual.
Judging by her expression, I can tell how happy she is.
But don't push yourself. You can still sing without a music box"
Shiona picks up the music box and starts singing.
That song she was singing in the chapel.
That song that somehow brings back memories.
That song warms the depths of my heart.
As Shiona gazes at the music box lovingly, my resolve grows stronger.
I want to fix this music box.
And I want Shiona to be happy.
Those feelings are swelling up inside me.
I'm going to Mad-san's store again tomorrow.
I'll see if I can get my watch back.
But there was one thing that bothered me.
That's because I broke that clock.
I apologized, but it was still hard to go anywhere.
The thought of Mad yelling at me again made me terrified.
I want to make a lot of people smile with Onii-chan's song"
Shiona's words reached me as I hesitated.
This song is orange... I'm sure it can turn the hearts of many people into orange. It's a song that was made to be wished for. That's what you wish for, Onii-chan. That's why I want as many people as possible to hear this song. And I want everyone to smile. That's what I want"
Shiona spoke as if she were talking to herself.
Those words backfired on me.
Let's go to Mad's store again tomorrow.
And then, I apologized once again for having broken the clock.
Shiona's singing voice and the music box strengthened my resolve.
The next day, I visited Mad's store by myself.
I can't even count how many times I've tried to turn back on the way.
Every time I think that, I see Shiona's smile.
I want to see that smile forever.
I'd like to fix the music box for you.
I thought back on yesterday's decision over and over.
What I can do for Shiona.
I steeled myself and stepped into Mad's store.
How dare you come here"
Immediately after, Mad's voice, which was as low as distant thunder, rained down.
I wanted to run away right away, but I didn't.
”I wanted to apologize for yesterday.”
”You mean the clock? I already apologized for that.”
「Shiona was there back then... so I thought I should apologize to her alone.」
I don't need that. Hurry up and go home"
I can't do that. I'm really sorry for breaking the clock yesterday.
No matter how much you apologize, your watch is still broken. Go home"
”I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.”
I kept apologizing, still bowing my head.
How much time had passed?
Eventually, Mad's soft voice reached me.
... Raise your head"
I did as I was told, and found Mad's face there, looking somewhat exasperated.
Geez... What a bastard. You're so persistent"
I'm sorry"
Don't apologize anymore. I'll beat you up"
She said that with her mouth, but she didn't seem to be as angry as she was yesterday.
I thought I heard a small sigh.
You're done here, right? Hurry up and go home"
”Um... I have a favor to ask of you.”
Please? You've got some nerve asking me for help.
I cower in fear, but Shiona's words give me a push.
Could you... give me that watch?
... Say it one more time"
Umm... You gave me the watch from yesterday――
「Don't mess with meeeeeeeeeeeee!!」
It was like a bolt of lightning had struck me, and I froze in place.
You're the one who broke it, so don't get cocky"
I can't take it anymore...
I can't take any more...
Just as I was about to run away, a voice came from behind me.
「Wait, Mud. Ray just wants to fix my brother's music box.」
There is Shiona, who should be waiting at home.
Shiona enters my room without hesitation.
My brother's music box is broken, and Ray said he'd fix it for me. That's why I just want the parts. I'm really sorry for breaking the clock yesterday. So can you forgive me?
Shiona continued to smile as she told Mad.
Mn... Mhn"
Mud's face was bright red, but her expression softened little by little.
But I don't have that watch anymore. I threw it away"
Mud turned her back to us, but kept moving her mouth.
「The abandoned factory on the outskirts of town was abandoned there. I don't know what happened after that.」
With that, Mad sat down facing the wall.
「Thank you, Mad.」
Shiona left the store with a smile on her face.
Th-Thank you very much...
I bowed to her and left the store.
the abandoned factory is right around the corner from where ray collapsed.
Shiona told me as soon as we left the store.
「Um, are you saying Shiona went to throw the trash away?」
That's right. There's garbage from all sorts of places over there"
Could it be that you're fixing what you found and selling it here"
「Yeah, you're right. Mad-san often goes to that place.」
I see. So that's why there were so many old-fashioned ones in the store.
She must have brought something from that place that she could use, and was probably reusing it.
Anyway, I've decided to head to the abandoned factory.
「Shiona, if you don't mind, I'd like you to show me that place.」
I'm sorry, but the red children are coming to my house today"
She must be talking about those girls who were talking to Shiona yesterday.
Come to think of it, I promised to treat her to some soup.
「But Ray, you can't do it alone. I'm going to turn down the promise I made with the kids.」
「No, it's okay, Shiona. Keep your promise.」
But, how do you get there"
I'll go to the library. I want to know about the area, so I'd like to take a look at the map.
「The library...」
Shiona's expression seems a little gloomy.
「Huh? ...No, it's nothing. ...Hey, Ray. Do you get along with Rei?」
“I don’t know. I don’t think he hates me. Why?”
No, it's nothing. I'm sure there's a map to the library. Have a safe trip"
Yeah, I will. See you later, then.
I turned around and headed for the library.
The smile I saw at that moment seemed to be filled with sadness.
But I don't know why.
ray, you came.
Teehee was crying in the same place as yesterday.
Yeah, she's here. Hey, Tippy, can I ask you something"
I wonder if there's a map of the town in this library"
Yeah, there is. There's a lot"
That's good to hear. Can you show me where the map is?
Sure, but... but...
There's something wrong with Tippy.
No, that's not it... That's not it, but...
Would you pick me up"
Teehee's face turned a little red.
Her sad expression didn't change, but her expression seemed to soften a little.
... Holding? You mean the one we did yesterday"
Yeah... Can I"
It's not that. C'mon, come here.
Yeah... Yeah"
I spread my arms wide, and tippy stands up and jumps into my chest.
Unlike yesterday, I'm holding her in my arms.
But my thoughts are the same.
I hugged her, and she was still small, soft, and fragile.
”Tippie, is this okay?”
「Yeah, it's good. Ray...it's warm.」
She rubs her cheek against my chest.
Her gesture warms the depths of my heart.
Could this be the feeling of loving someone?
I want to protect this girl.
I want to stop these tears.
For a while, I hugged Teehee.
Hey, stay over there like this"
She points her finger at the passage in my chest.
Holding it up, I head in the direction indicated by her fingertip.
「Why is Chizu here?」
There's an abandoned factory near town. I wanted to go there"
Why are you acting like this"
There might be parts I'm looking for over there"
Were you watching yesterday"
「Yeah, that's right. I want to fix your music box no matter what.」
「Shiona's... I see. I hope you find it.」
With me still holding her, she went to the bookshelf where the books on the map were stored without hesitation.
Do you happen to remember which book is here"
Yeah, more or less"
Wow... Did someone teach you"
It's okay. While I'm waiting for Mom and Dad, I'll do it alone"
When I say 'Father' and 'Mom', Tippy's eyes tear up a little.
「Um... Is this it?」
In order to change the subject, I took out a map book.
I sit down and open the book.
Just like the music box book, the map was also handwritten.
Could all the books in this library have been handwritten?
If that's the case, it's quite a lot.
Who would have handwritten such a huge amount of books?
It takes an endless amount of time, so I feel like I'm going to lose focus.
It's pretty worn out... How old is this book?
Um... I don't know. It's always been the same as before"
It felt like a map from decades ago.
The buildings themselves look the same as they are now, but....
The pages were horribly faded, as if tea had been spilled.
Some of them clung to me and looked like they were going to tear if I turned them up.
I proceed with the page carefully.
Ah, could this be it"
I found a map of the factory in the north of town.
Judging from the direction of Shiona's house, it's likely this is the place.
「Ray...are you going? Don't go...」
Teehee clung to my neck.
I rubbed her small back again and again with my hand.
Don't worry, I'll come again"
“Really? Will you really come again?”
Yeah, of course. I promise"
”Of course. Come back again.”
Yeah. Definitely"
Over and over again, I made a promise with Tippie.
I wonder why.
Even so, I was reluctant to leave.
I'm starting to feel like I want to be by your side forever.
I hid my feelings and left the library.
Upon arriving at the abandoned factory, I can smell the oxidized oil on my nose.
This factory must have been building Floyd's arms and legs to begin with.
There are parts of Floyd's arms and legs lying all over the place.
All of them were before the artificial skin was covered, and the machine's parts were exposed.
If you look closely, you can tell it's the same design as my right hand.
Even though I knew it was a fake, this scene was bizarre.
I use my right hand to get rid of the fallen arm.
A sad sound of metal clashing resounded throughout the factory.
If some part of my body breaks, I'll come here.
There's a mountain of replacement parts here.
There were several oil drum cans filled with oxidized oil in the back.
It's mostly oxidized, but there's unopened oil inside.
Even if we ran out of oil, we'd be able to perform maintenance here without attracting attention.
The more I advance through the factory, the more the worries I had in the corner of my mind disappear.
This abandoned factory is going to be a very important place for me.
But I can't find anything important.
It was, of course, the watch that Mud had thrown away in this place.
But this factory doesn't have anything that looks like trash, let alone clocks.
Could it be that the trash has been dumped outside instead of in the factory?
I decided to leave the factory for now and go around the area.
Then, we found an area where machine parts were piled up high in the back of the factory.
Not just machine parts, but also a lot of trash.
I'm sure this is the town's junkyard.
Besides Mud, there should be people who've brought something useful home with them.
Looking up at the mountain many times its height, I thought that.
... Now then, where could it be"
There's quite a lot of trash.
It's going to be tough to find her if we keep looking.
But there's no other way.
I immediately started searching under my feet.
I don't know how long it took.
My sense of time was long gone.
My hands are covered in mud because I moved the metal plates and oily containers.
There was oil all over her clothes, and there were stains all over her clothes.
After that, I crossed the garbage carpet, swam across the filthy river, and got hit by the waterfall of scrap.
And then, I finally found it.
It was in Mad's shop.
I broke it yesterday.
That clock.
I picked it up and stared at the needle on the board.
Of course, it didn't move.
I put my ear against the main body, but it didn't make a sound.
It’s only natural, since I broke it.
This clock will never be ticked again.
That fact pierced the back of my mind.
I gently hugged the clock and headed home.
Shiona greets me kindly.
「I'm home. There it is.」
Shiona smiled softly as I held out the spoils of war stained with oil.
You're right. Thanks. Come on, get changed and get dressed.
Shiona had prepared a towel and a change of clothes for me.
After wiping off the dirt and finishing changing, I head to the living room.
Shiona welcomes me there again.
ray, you're tired, aren't you? eat and rest.
No, I'm fine. I want to get to work right away.
Are you okay? I'm worried about Ray's health.
I'm fine. Strangely enough, I don't feel tired at all.
But if I don't eat...
Yeah, I know. I'll eat it later, so eat first"
... Okay, got it. Good luck"
Shiona leaves the living room.
After seeing her off, I began my work.
I open the book I borrowed from the library.
In this music box, gears of various sizes, large and small, are intricately intertwined by turning the steering wheel, and the disc rotates at a fixed speed.
The faster I spin it, the faster the piece gets.
I thought it was a great skill.
I began to analyze the music boxes in order of how to assemble them, which had been written in the book.
Then, when I compared the parts in order, I realized that the cogs in the part that transmits the power were broken.
It's precisely because they move so delicately that they can't move, even if a single small part becomes useless.
I couldn't help but look at my right hand.
For now, let's search the clock for something the same size as this broken gear.
I began to disassemble the clock.
I removed the lid, and removed the screw using the screwdriver.
When I removed the cover, the structure inside became exposed.
The gears are much more precise than the music box.
One of them was a slightly larger gear-shaft. Because of that, the gears weren't turning anymore.
This must be the place I broke yesterday.
The fact that Mad threw away this watch means that there was nothing of the same size as this gear.
Fortunately, the broken gear wasn't the size needed for the music box.
I don't like the idea of dismantling things.
I'm breaking this clock to fix the music box.
Is it because I know what kind of existence I am?
I hesitated, but at the very least, I disassembled the clock as carefully as I could.
I set the gears on the table one by one, comparing them to the music box.
”...There it is.”
I found a gear of almost the same size.
All that's left is to follow the book and transfer it to the music box.
”I think this should be fine...”
With this, the disk should work without any problems.
I turn the lid back and turn the wheel, and it feels good.
But I can't turn the wheel anymore.
I wonder why.
I read the book again.
There's no problem with the parts or where we're going to put them.
I tilt my head as I remove the lid again.
And then, I turned the wheel.
The gears certainly were in perfect sync.
But it seems the oil is completely dry because it hasn't been used in a while.
That's probably the reason why the steering wheel isn't turning.
What should I do?
Should I go to Shiona and get some cooking oil?
...No, that’s also a problem.
There's probably a difference between cooking oil and gear lubrication.
It might work at first, but it might cause a malfunction.
Then, what should I do...?
Suddenly, I looked at my right hand.
It's covered in gloves, but underneath it's a bare machine part.
Why don't you use the oil I use?
I took off my gloves and looked at my right hand.
It's a bare machine part.
Oil is incorporated inside the piece to move it smoothly.
I stuck the screwdriver into the palm near the base of my thumb.
When I removed the exterior, it was packed full of wires, cylinders, shafts, and other mechanical devices.
Oil is contained in one of the cylinders.
And it's worn out so that it's easier to change the old oil.
I removed the cylinder with my left hand, and the oil filling it dribbled down onto the cog in the music box.
I extend my fingertip as much as I can to fit in with all the gears.
Will it work?
I put the cylinder back in my right hand and turn it off.
I hid the machine's arm with my gloves, and slowly turned the handle.
She was awkward at first.But as she turned the wheel, the gears ran for lubrication.
The oil must have passed through the cracks in all the gears, as the steering wheel kept turning without a care in the world.
And then, that melody began to play.
「Ray, that song......!」
Shiona suddenly enters the room.
「Yeah. It's fixed, Shiona.」
Thank you... Thank you, Ray. Thank you... I'm very, very happy.
Shiona smiles more than ever before.
Just seeing her smile warms the depths of my heart.
And then, I realized.
Oh, this?
So this is the feeling of happiness?
I'm happy now.
She's happy to see Shiona's smile.
And for the first time, I felt that I was useful.
thank you, ray. thank you.
Shiona took my hand and thanked me over and over.
I can feel my face getting hotter as I approach her.
Thanks to Ray's efforts, the music box was fixed. You can listen to that song I gave up on again. This orange song that Onii-chan wrote. This song that I love"
「Hey, Shiona, sing it. Tell me your brother's song.」
”Yes... Of course!”
I turn the music box's handle.
Shiona crosses her hands in front of her chest and starts singing along to the melody.
It was a song he sang when we met.
The song that Shiona's brother wrote.
An orange song.
I think I know what that means now.
The emotions in my heart are joy.
Shiona's song.
And then Shiona sings happily.
Just seeing her like that makes me happy.
Shiona seemed even happier than usual.
Shiona was singing until she fell asleep that day.
I was listening to her voice and tone as well.
Over and over again, Shiona asked me to play her song.
She's been singing for so long that her arms won't move anymore.
That expression made me think.
I want to be with you like this forever.
If you wish for that, I'll be able to be with you forever.
But in order to do that, I mustn't reveal my true identity.
Definitely, definitely...
That day, I made up my mind to be with you forever.
The room had gotten dark at night.
On top of the two beds, Shiona speaks to me.
”Would you do me a favor?”
Listen, I want a lot of people to hear this song. And I want to make them smile. I want to make lots of people happy with this song you wrote"
I know what she's saying.
But I didn't know what it was.
I wonder if that's a condition.
Or was it emotion?
thought about the word happiness over and over in my head."
”So, I need your help.”
Help? What should I do"
I want you to go to the plaza with me tomorrow. And I want you to pass on the music box.
「So that's why you're singing, Shiona.」
Yes, that's right. And I want as many people as possible to hear it. That orange song you wrote"
Yeah, that's what I want to do. Of course I'll help.
I heard the sheets rubbing.
「What's wrong, Shiona?」
Hey, Ray... Can we hold hands?
I can't see Shiona's expression in the darkness.
But I feel like Shiona's face is turning red.
Hands? With me?
Okay, can I... put it in with Ray...?
I'm going to search the knowledge.
I know the act of holding hands.
But if it's a man and woman at my age, what does it mean...?
No, it's okay"
If Humans... If Shiona desires it, then I want to respond.
Fortunately, she's on my left.
I don't think it'll be a problem if it's covered in artificial skin.
I reached out to the bed next to me.
My outstretched hand was a little cold in the cold room.
I look for Shiona's hand in the air.
A touch of warmth.
Shiona's hand overlaps mine.
You're so warm, Ray.
「Yeah... It's warm, Shiona.」
We held hands.
We're intertwining our fingers.
It's not just the warmth from my hand, but also the warmth that spreads out.
Is this the warmth of a Human, different from the warmth I created...?
「Ray... Harder.」
...Like this..."
Sorry, did it hurt"
”No... He was stronger than I thought.”
「Are you okay with this strength?」
Yeah... Thanks, Ray.
We held hands all night.
Until morning came, we were still holding hands.
The next day, the plaza was filled with noises.
The melody that Shiona and I started playing.
Shiona sings.
I'm spinning Shiona's brother's music box.
At first, there was no one there.
But as if drawn in by Shiona's voice, the number increased.
We both stop in our tracks, and a small circle soon forms.
The circle quickly grew larger, and in the blink of an eye, the plaza, which had been quiet, became crowded.
Everyone there is listening to Shiona's voice.
The young couple were holding each other's hands.
The old man closes his eyes in deep emotion.
The young man stares at the woman a short distance away.
The young parents laughed happily.
The children were moving their bodies in time with the song.
Everyone is listening to Shiona's song with their own thoughts.
But there was one thing they had in common.
That meant that everyone was ❛smiles. 
Everyone smiles as they listen to Shiona's song.
When I felt that I was cooperating with the people here smiling, I felt a warmth in the depths of my heart.
This is the feeling of happiness.
The emotions I felt when I saw Shiona's smile yesterday.
That's exactly what it was.
I'm happy.
I felt my cheeks go up a little.
I'm sure I'm smiling, too.
It might be that she's a little clumsy.
But that didn't matter.
If I can get even a little closer to Shiona, I'll be satisfied with just that.
The music box, which had just been fixed, continued to play the melody.
The steering wheel was in good condition.
The sound flowing from the disc echoes in the wooden box, amplifies, becomes a clear tone, and leaves the room.
According to Shiona, it's an orange melody.
Shiona sings in time with the melody.
I wished this time would last forever.
It's a time where people can smile.
And I wanted to keep watching her singing happily.
I suddenly turn to the library on the outskirts of town.
Because I felt like the closed curtains shook a little.
For a moment, I saw a small figure.
I know who it is.
The blue girl who was always crying.
it's tippy.
I'm sure she's still crying.
In that lonely library――
Just thinking about it makes my heart ache a little.
It was as if a thorn had pierced it.
I wonder how Tippy felt as she gazed at this circle.
The circle of smiles continued to spread.
Everyone there smiles and shares the same feeling.
I noticed there was one of them with a frown on his face.
The man who crossed his arms in anger was Mad-san.
He's acting out of place, and there's only one person on his face who feels anger.
Suddenly, my eyes fell on Mad-san, who had feelings I didn't know yet.
It’s less than a second.
Mud quickly snorted, turned around, and disappeared into the crowd.
Seeing her like that, I thought...
I want to make everyone smile.
The two of them represent sadness and anger.
I want to make Tippie and Mad smile.
But what should I do?
While turning the music box's handle, I kept thinking about that.
After the song ended, I went to Mad's store by myself.
It's because I couldn't stop thinking about her frowning back then.
I timidly step into the dim, creepy store as usual.
There's no one here.
Mud's just sitting in the cashier's seat.
But something's wrong.
Unlike before, she wasn't sitting in her chair.
She was just staring at what looked like a small, rectangular chip in her hand.
Her expression was as stern as ever, but there was a hint of loneliness in her expression.
「Um... Mad?」
Mud quickly hid the chip in the palm of her hand.
O-Ohhh, what do you want? Why did you come in here"
I mean, you're free to come in because it's a store...
「Don't screw with me! You insolent bastard entering the store without my permission!!」
That's a very unreasonable thing to say.
But to think that Mad-san didn't notice me coming in... You must have been really focused on that chip.
I'm talking about the chip you're hiding in your palm.
I'm not hiding anything like that!!
But I saw it. If you're not hiding it, open your hand and look inside――
”Shut up! Get out of here! And don't ever come back here again!”
I was chased out of Mad-san's shop as if pushed out by her words.
I came here to make Mad smile, but now I'm doing the exact opposite.
Shiona was waiting for me in front of the store.
Her smile warms the depths of my heart.
「Huh? Why are you here, Shiona?」
I was worried about where Ray was going, so I came after him.
I came here to make Mad-san smile. But I made her angry again...
Making Mad-san smile, huh... That's a very difficult thing to do. So don't worry about it. It's normal for her to get angry.
But, I felt like you were more angry than usual today"
More than usual? Did something happen?
I don't really get it, but I heard about the tip.
... Chip"
Yeah, it's a rectangular chip that can fit in the palm of your hand. Mad-san, watch over it...
I made a shape of the chip Mud was holding with my finger.
Shiona's eyes widened a little, as if she knew what that chip was.
Did you hear about that chip"
“That's right. Then he suddenly got angry.”
Yeah, yeah, I see. Ray, that can't be helped.
Oh well. What do you mean?
「That chip is Mad-san's treasure.」
「A treasure of Mad-san's? What's inside?」
「There should be a movie that Mad-san's son took.」
「Your son's movie? Is Mad-san's son a movie director?」
“Yes, that’s right. But he hasn’t come back since he left this town.”
Shiona said, while looking at the store.
She looks troubled, but her smile doesn't waver... It's a strange mixture of those two emotions.
But why are you just staring at the chip? You should watch the movie.
That's impossible. This town doesn't have any equipment that can play that chip.
「So you're staring at me because you don't want to?」
I'm sure that's the case. She's shy, so I won't say it out loud.
At that moment, I thought of something.
The way to make Mad-san smile when she's always frowning, always angry.
「No, it's nothing. There's somewhere I want to stop, so you can go on ahead.」
Where do you want to go..."
Yeah, there's something I want to look into"
...The library"
I get the feeling that Shiona looked surprised.
I wonder if she's worried about me, since I'm not used to this town yet.
I'll be sure not to be late"
Trying to ease the burden on Shiona's heart, I speak clearly.
Shiona opens her mouth as if she wants to say something, but closes it immediately.
And then, once. After biting her lip for a moment, she smiles.
「...okay. Be careful, Ray.」
I parted ways with Shiona in front of Mad's store and started walking around town by myself.
The library was as dark and stagnant as ever.
I head straight for the complex labyrinth without hesitation.
To the blue girl, who was always crying――
ray, you came.
When Tippie saw me, she stood up and ran up to me.
I gently embrace her small body.
Yeah, I promised"
「Thank you, Ray. I'm happy.」
She's buried her face in my stomach.
I could tell tears were flowing down her clothes.
”Tippie, what were you doing?”
Come here, Ray. It's a peddler.
With my hand in hers, I follow Tippie's lead.
There was drawing paper and crayons lying on the floor where Teehee was sitting.
There is a half-finished picture on the drawing paper.
”Did you draw this, Tippy?”
Yeah. I'm drawing them little by little"
With that said, Tippy resumed painting.
I peeked into the picture.
There was a picture of a singing girl and a boy spinning a music box.
”Tippie, could this be...?”
「It's Ray and Shiona. They're singing in the plaza.」
As I thought, Teehee was looking at us through the curtains.
For some reason, the thought of seeing you stare at us alone makes my heart ache.
ray, what's wrong? is something wrong?
Looking up, the girl's eyes were filled with sorrow.
I put my hand on tippy's head to comfort her feelings.
Don't worry, it's nothing. You're really good at this"
Yeah... Thank you. I'm happy to hear that.
I patted her head, and she snuggled up to me.
But her face was fleeting and sad――
I wanted to see her smile from the bottom of my heart.
You said you paint one picture each day, but do you have any other ones"
「Yeah, there is. Ray, come over here.」
Teehee stood up, took my hand, and invited me into the library.
The painting was there.
There were a lot of pictures pasted on the lower part of the wall, which probably had been pasted on by Tippy herself.
This is what happened yesterday. This is what happened the other day. This is what happened the other day"
Tippy explained it to me one by one.
A picture of a girl holding hands with a young man.
A young man and another girl visited the girl.
And a picture of a girl crying alone.
Oh, I see.
This is Tippy's diary.
After that, there were pictures of the girl continuing to cry alone.
ever since i came here, tippy hasn't been alone.
The expression on the girl's face in the picture seemed to soften a little.
I'm sure that's just how Teehee feels.
But that's nothing more than sadness.
I wanted to make this girl smile, too.
What can I do to make that happen?
I can't think of an answer.
The only thing I can say for sure is that I want to be by your side like this.
Hey, Ray. What kind of book did you come looking for today"
With a sad expression on her face, she tugs on my sleeve and looks up at me.
“I’m looking for a device that can project images... Do you have any books that can show that?”
Yeah, there is. It'll be a little more delicious from here on out"
“Would you show me the way?”
Yeah, it's okay. Here"
And so, Tippy spreads her arms.
The teddy bear I was holding in my right hand became unsteady.
Hold it up"
I picked her up in my arms.
She's rubbing her cheek against my chest, just like before.
it's that way, ray.
I lead the way to the book I was looking for.
That book was on the second floor of the library.
It’s a corner of the shelf where the projectors and projections are stored.
I'm sure there's a good book here"
The books on the shelf were all handwritten, just like the music box books and maps.
But it seems there are quite a few different types of projectors that use film or discs.
What kind of things are you looking for"
I can show you a chip of this size. Do you understand?
I made a finger out of the size of the chip Mud was holding.
Hmm... Really? Can't you feel it"
The corner... seemed to be missing from a diagonal... I think.
I wasn't really paying attention, so I couldn't say for sure.
But even though Tippy's small, she nods.
「Is that the chip Mud-san's holding?」
「Yeah, it's Mad-san's chip.」
I was surprised that Tippy knew about Mad, but since she's the owner of this town's general store, there's nothing strange about it.
Shiona knew about Mad's chip, and everyone in town might know about it.
And I guess it's a well-known fact that Mad-san is stubborn and doesn't try to look inside.
「Umm......in that case......here.」
Standing on tiptoes, tippy pointed at a book that was barely within reach.
”Amazing, Tippy. You really do remember all the books.”
Ehehe. You complimented me.
She presses her face against my stomach.
While petting her head, I pick up the book and take a look inside.
It's more like a manual than a book.
It's a Mummy Co. projector. It details the kinds of chips and media that can be played back.
The interior structure and wiring were carefully written down.
It’s like a projector that can project data on a portable chip onto a screen or a white wall.
If I can find this device, I can show Mad the movie on the chip.
”Thank you, Tippy. I've found the information I need.”
...Are you going to cum already"
Teehee looks up at me with a sad expression.
... Yeah, sorry"
「Nooo. Don't go.」
Was she trying to stop me from leaving?
She hugged me tightly.
That innocent warmth shakes my resolve.
But I have to go.
I want Mad to be happy right now.
I want to see Mad smile.
”I promise, Tippy. I'll come again tomorrow.”
Tomorrow...? Really..."
Yeah, you're right. Let's do this"
...You're not going to disappear"
Yeah, she won't disappear. She'll come to see me every day"
... Got it. I'll be waiting"
Feeling guilty, I left the blue girl Tippie out of the library.
「You came again?! What are you doing here?!!!」
As soon as I arrived at the store, Mad greeted me with a roar.
I want to run away.
I want to cover my ears.
But I didn't do that.
Because I wanted to make Mad's wish come true.
「Ms. Mad, I have a favor to ask. Please lend me your son's chip.」
the chip that your son's movie was on.
Why do I have to lend it to you? Don't screw with me!!"
”Please... Please.”
”Enough with the meddling! I'm a nuisance!”
I... I want to help Mad-san!!
A role"
The fear in Mad's piercing eyes made my throat ache.
I can't put any strength into the movable parts of my knees, and I feel light and fuzzy.
I want to run away right now... but I can't hesitate here.
「Shiona told me about that chip. She said her son left town to become a movie director. The movie was sent to her by his son, right? But you couldn't see it without it, right?」
In order to suppress my fear, I spoke quickly.
Mud looked at me with a slightly surprised face, as if she had been pushed by that force.
I went to the library a little while ago to see what kind of equipment I could use to regenerate.
You... went to the library..."
Mad looked even more surprised at the words 'library.'
Yes... I'll search for a device that can reproduce that chip. Even if the regeneration machine is broken, I'll fix it. If I can't find it, I'll make it even if I have to connect all the different parts together.
Why are you going that far? This has nothing to do with you"
It may not have anything to do with it. But I want to.
I just want to help Mad-san... That's all. So, please.
The silence continued.
Was this a silent affirmation, or――
“He was the worst idiot of a son.”
Mud sat down in a chair and looked up at the ceiling.
And then, with a somewhat sad expression, she started talking to me.
I was always fighting with him.
All I can do is fight when I see her.
That's why she's been avoiding me ever since.
No, maybe I'm the one who's been avoiding her.
Anyway, we don't see each other much anymore.
That's why I was surprised when she said she had something to talk about.
I'm leaving this town"
“Leaving town? What are you talking about?”
I'm going to leave this town and become a movie director. I really do like movies"
Don't just talk about dreams. You can't be a director. There's no way you can"
”Don't assume it's impossible! You won't know until you try!”
I know, I'm your father. Nobody's going to watch a director's movie without talent"
”There are people who acknowledge me! I've got results, too! You just don't accept me!”
「I can't even dream in this town!」
In a town like this? Say it again"
I'll say it as many times as you want. I can't stand spending the rest of my life in a store like this in a town like this"
“Cut it out...”
”I'll tell you as much as you want! You're afraid of changing!”
”Ever since Mom died, I've been doing the same thing every day--”
I hit her without thinking.
“...You’re always violent like that. I’m already in a bad mood.”
”...All right. Get out of here.”
Yeah, I'll do that. Keep doing the same thing here and now"
My son left home.
She hasn't even contacted me since.
The only thing I could give her was this movie on the chip.
How am I supposed to look at something without a regenerative device?
I can't forgive her for being so selfish.
I don't want to see this movie.
I don't want to see her face anymore.
I was surprised by Mad-san's unusual talkativeness.
The more I listen to those feelings, the more my feelings grow.
If Mad really doesn't like his son, he doesn't have to have a chip that can't be regenerated forever.
If his son didn't like Mad, he wouldn't send his own film either.
I'm sure she wants Mad to watch this movie.
I think she sent that chip to Mad-san with some kind of emotion.
That's why I want to show Mad this movie.
I bowed my head again.
Please! Lend me your chip!
Mud silently walked up to me.
I was prepared for her to yell at me, but I didn't feel any fear anymore.
But more than that, I wanted to do something useful for Mad.
But Mud handed me the chip she was holding.
Do whatever you want"
I looked at the chip she gave me once again.
It was a metal core covered with organic glass, running through a rainbow-colored electronic circuit.
That was in my knowledge as well. It's a general-purpose chip used to back up Phyllod's memories.
It reached the world standard, and most manufacturers adopted this format.
It might be possible to regenerate even without a Mumme projector.
I gripped the chip tightly and bowed to Mad.
An abandoned factory on the outskirts of town.
I stepped into the pile of trash behind it.
If there was a device to recycle Mad-san's chip, it would have to be this abandoned factory.
If it had been inside the town, it would've regenerated a long time ago.
Some kind of equipment was mixed in with the garbage.
The wiring had been cut off, and it had become rusty.
As far as I could see, they were all useless.
It's unlikely that the projector we're looking for could be in this place. But I think we'll be able to find some part of the base.
Like I said to Mud, I'll make sure to put the parts together so that they can be regenerated.
This is the only place I can rely on.
If we don't do something about it now, Mud's expression won't change.
I won't let that happen.
I don't want to let that happen.
With that in mind, I cut down the mountain of scrap.
But no matter how much I search, I can't find the device I'm looking for.
I'm sure even Mad's looked for it before.
No... Maybe Mad is still looking for her.
Shiona said she's fixing what she picked up at the junkyard and selling it at the general store.
Maybe their real goal was to find a projector to regenerate your son's chip.
If that's the case, I wonder how Mad-san feels for not being able to find her until now...
I wonder what he thought when he picked up something else instead of the projector...
I broke Mad's watch.
Oh, I see... That's why Mad got mad.
That clock was in the process of trying to get back what was important to Mad.
This is just speculation. But I want it to be that way.
If that's the case, I doubt I'll be able to find what Mad's been looking for.
Even so, I won't give up.
Finding the projector should be the greatest atoning for the sins I've committed against Mad-san for breaking the clock...
It was when I dragged the equipment, which was bigger than my body.
Something feels wrong with my right hand.
A very small discomfort......I can feel the awkwardness in the joints of my fingers.
Did she run out of oil or something broke down?
It might not be good to keep working like this.
I couldn't stop myself from moving my hands.
I'm sure Mad's looking for them, too.
I looked up at the pile of scrap metal far higher than my own height.
I might be able to climb it, since I'm lighter than Mad-san.
At the same time, I started climbing the clumsy staircase that wasn't maintained.
I could feel the water on my back.
Large drops of rain poured down from the sky above.
ray, let's stop.
A voice came from a place lower than her feet.
When I turned around, Shiona was there.
She's looking up at me, drenched in rain.
「It's raining. You'll catch a cold like this.」
I'm fine. I'll keep looking. Thanks.
Even if you can't find it, you did your best, so Mad-san will be happy.
「It's okay, Shiona. Just a little longer.」
I continued working.
Shiona talks to me from behind.
But I'm already soaked. Let's stop. You're tired, right? No one's going to blame Ray for giving up.
As if to soothe her.
”Let's not worry about your health. It'll be sad if you get hurt, Ray. It's important that you don't give up.”
There might be another way, so let's go home for today. I've prepared some orange powa powa soup.
Let's go home... Ray, let's go home... Hey, Ray... I'm worried, Ray...
Even so, I continued.
Unfazed by the downpour, I continued my search.
I pulled out the rotting iron plate.
At that moment, a small scrap avalanche occurred.
I retreat away from the scrap that roared and pierced my feet.
「Watch out, Ray!」
When I turn around at the sound of Shiona's voice, I see a mountain of scraps falling from behind.
There was an avalanche in the mountains behind me as well.
I manage to run up the scrap pile as I feel like I'm about to be swallowed up.
After a while, the avalanche subsided, and only the sound of rain remained.
Are you okay, Ray? Are you hurt?
Yeah, somehow... That was close.
It's true... I'm glad you're safe...
Shiona let out a sigh of relief.
I stood up to prove that I was okay.
「Ah... Ray, that's...」
Shiona's eyes widen as she points at my feet.
I remember seeing a familiar piece of machinery in the pile of scrap that collapsed earlier.
It's the same device as the one in the book that Teehee showed me.
dig out, and when I look at the surface of her body, it's written Murm in hoarse letters."
「Here it is...Shiona, here it is! There it is!」
I lifted it up and held it high so that it could be seen by Shiona.
The water that had collected inside flowed out at the same time that it tilted.
「I did it, I did it, Shiona! I finally found it! Now I can get Mad-san to watch the movie!」
Yeah, but... I think that machine's broken...
Eh"
At Shiona's request, I bring my hand in front of me, holding the device.
It's true that the equipment we found--the 'Mume Co. Projector'--has clearly broken down.
I don’t have the lens part I need to project.
There was also a large crack in the upper part, and when I peeked inside, I saw that the foundation inside was full of rust.
I can’t project the movie with this.
That's too bad... Ray, let's go home.
She holds out her hand.
I put my hand over hers.
That warmth warms my hand, which is cold from the rain.
By the time I got back to town, it had stopped raining.
Even so, my heart won't clear up.
Can I really repair the projector I'm holding in both hands?
I was trying to fix my feelings, but now that I've seen this mess with my own eyes, my resolve is wavering.
What's wrong? You're soaking wet"
I was suddenly stopped on my way back to the church.
When I turn around, I see the owner of the photo shop who took a picture of me before.
”I was just looking for something.”
Looking for something...? I see. So, did you find what you were looking for?
Yes... But...
“What's the matter?”
We found it, but it's broken and useless"
Shiona answered in place of me, who was feeling down.
I see. That's too bad. By the way, why did you want to use it?
The truth is... I wanted to regenerate the chip that Mad-san has.
「Mad-san's? That's the chip your son sent you.」
...Yes. I wanted to make Mad-san happy, since he's always angry...
Is that what you want from the bottom of your heart"
The museum's owner asked me gently, as if he was testing me.
Yes, of course"
I answered without hesitation.
「You're always making such an angry face, and you look like you're in pain. I'm sure you'll smile for me if something happens. If people can smile, they'll be happy. And I'm sure the others who see it will be happy, too.」
Saying that, I look at Shiona.
「Shiona... taught me that.」
Shiona looked surprised at my words, but she quickly smiled.
Yeah, that's the look on her face. Somebody's smile makes the people around me happy.
The moment she smiles at me, my heart feels warm.
I see... Could you show me that?
The director pointed at the projector I was holding. I silently held out my broken device.
The owner of the photo shop took his time looking around the equipment.
“I see, this is cruel. There are too many things that are not enough to fix.”
When the head librarian says that to me, I feel like I'm going to collapse.
The director smiled wryly as he returned the projector. He must have sensed my disappointment.
ray, let's go home. you'll catch a cold.
Yeah. It`d probably be bad for you if you got soaked in the rain. You should head home and get changed for now.
If I keep this up, I'm going to cause trouble for the curator.
Even if I'm fine, a Human like Shiona will catch a cold.
While hugging the projector, we bowed to the director and headed to the church.
When I returned to the church, Shiona wiped my head with a soft towel.
Gently, softly, carefully, so as not to rub.
That's too bad, the projector"
...Yeah, but that place was originally a dump anyway, so it's only natural it'd be broken.
I should be able to tell if I think about it for a bit. And yet, I wished for a convenient turn of events.
If I wish for it, I'll be able to do it. If I work hard, the results will come.
It made me realize that reality isn't so sweet.
It can't be helped. Ray did his best, so no one will complain.
But... but, I wanted to show Mad-san the movie.
「Yeah... Ray, you're so kind.」
It's not about being kind or anything. I just think that's my role.
But those feelings alone make Mad-san happy. That's enough for me.
I hope so...
Let's warm up for now. I'll bring you a drink that'll make your body and mind feel better.
Folding the towel that had wiped my head, Shiona smiled and headed to the kitchen.
I sat down in a chair and let out a sigh.
I looked at the broken projector on the table.
...No, there's no point in getting depressed.
Even though it’s broken, it’s progressing a little from the fact that nothing happened.
If we can fix this projector little by little, we should be able to play back the chip someday.
In the book I borrowed from Tippy, there was a way to disassemble it for maintenance.
If we untie them in order, we should be able to fix them.
I'll just have to search that factory for the missing parts one by one.
I want Mad to smile for me. I want him to look as happy as Shiona when the music box is fixed.
I steeled my resolve to fix the projector.
Just then, I noticed that the main hall of the church was bustling with activity.
“Excuse me.”
When I opened the door and peeked inside, I saw the owner of a photo shop.
And on her back, there were even more people from the town.
What's wrong"
When I asked, the townspeople gave me something with smiles on their faces.
These are the parts for my broken watch. Use them if you like"
「I was just wondering if this would be a good match for the wiring.」
Use my light"
「No, you can use mine.」
We have plenty of tools here, so feel free to use them as much as you want"
Various electrical components, wiring devices, electronic circuits, gears and screws were placed on the table one after another.
Unable to comprehend what was going on, the curator smiled as I stood there dumbfounded.
... Um, what's this"
“You’re going to fix that projector, right? You brought me something I might need if I told everyone about it. I’m sure some of it’s unnecessary, but you’ve never done it with the materials, right?”
Why would you do that..."
「Everyone was moved by your music and your song. They wanted to thank you, no matter what. ...And I'm one of them.」
The director took out a lens and handed it to me.
「This is... a camera lens. Do you think it'll work?」
I felt something warm in the depths of my heart.
And then, the warm thing slowly rose up.
Before long, the warmth reaches the back of my eyes, and gets hotter.
Her words didn't form in her head.She wanted to say something, but her lips trembled.
Shiona, holding a steaming cup, looks at me gently.
「Shiona......my chest feels warm. I wonder why.」
Ray, that's the feeling of 'happiness.'
She approached me as she said that, and handed me a cup filled with something that smelled like a drink.
「Everyone's responding to Ray's desire to make Mad-san smile. Everyone wants her to be happy, with her at the center.」
「I wonder if it's a bother..., even though I started on my own」
If they think it's a bother, they won't be able to smile like that.
I look at the people in the town who brought me the parts.
She holds the parts in each hand, raises them so that they can be seen towards me, and smiles.
”Everyone... Thank you.”
Using the parts and tools she gave me, I began repairing them on the spot.
There were a lot of things I didn't understand on my own, but I got help from a lot of people.
She removes moisture, carefully scrapes off the rusty parts, and repairs the broken electronic circuits with copper foil.
The handkerchief that was on the verge of falling off was adjusted by using the tip of the heated screwdriver to turn red.
No, no, that's not what I meant. It's like this.
No, no, this is how it should be"
You two are wrong! This is definitely like this!
Not like that, not like this.
Loud, but lively, repairs were carried out by everyone.
And then, finally――
The repairs were finished in an unsightly state, full of splinters.
Everyone, thank you very much"
It's fine. In exchange, let me listen to that song again"
The kids like it. Do it again sometime"
When I listen to him, I feel like I'm in a good mood"
When I hear that song... I can't help but remember the past"
I love that song"
We're all working together to make this unsightly device.
It looked far from what I'd seen in a book.
But it's the only projector in the world that we all made together.
I couldn't be more pleased.
Everyone there was genuinely pleased with the completion.
All that's left is to activate this test.
I looked around the room when I was told to test it.
Come to think of it, I've never seen electricity in this town.
The photographer used an analog camera, too.
“...Um, is there no electricity in this town...?”
At my question, everyone in the room suddenly looked surprised.
It was awkward, as if I had touched something I shouldn't have.
Even the head librarian, who suggested the test activation, didn't say anything.
It's a library"
It was Shiona who broke the awkward silence.
「There's no electricity in this town, but there's still a storage facility.」
Is that the library"
Yeah, that's right"
It was as if a ray of hope had come in.
I felt my cheeks soften.
But Shiona's expression Even though she's supposed to be smiling, her eyes seem somewhat sad.
The next day, Shiona and I went to the library together.
Yesterday, I was holding a projector made by hand with the people of town.
「I didn't know there was a device like this here.」
The library counter was equipped with a portable battery storage device that could store sunlight-made electricity.
It seems to be the only device left in this town.
However, the solar panels are getting old, so it's not possible to generate a large amount of electricity.
The energy of electricity is precious to this town.
Despite my selfishness, the townsfolk gave me permission to bring such a precious thing.
He said he wanted to make me listen to music again.
But there's something that's been bothering me.
I thought the library meant something to the people of this town.
Everyone's reaction yesterday. Looking back on it, Mad's expression had also changed when I went to the library.
...No, I shouldn't make weird guesses right now.
I averted my eyes from the batteries that had begun charging, and looked at Shiona, trying my best to hide my anxiety.
「I'll have to ask Shiona to sing for me again.」
Yeah, I'm going to sing with my thanks to everyone"
Shiona smiles at me as usual.
Tippy was standing next to Shiona.
She looks at Shiona with a slightly perplexed expression.
Come to think of it, this is the first time I've seen these two together.
Tippie, how long do you think it'll take to recharge"
Umm... I think it's about three more.
I see. You're faster than I thought"
You're the only one who can be with Ray...?
She takes a big detour around Shiona and hugs my leg.
Her sad expression didn't change.
But I could feel her sadness softening a little.
I patted her head with the palm of my hand.
After caressing my silky hair over and over, Teehee gave me a cheek.
...All right, you two. That's it"
Shiona stepped in between me and Tippie.
Ah... Ray, Ray...
Tippy reaches out for me.
But that hand won't reach me.
Ray, wait...
Shiona grabs my arm and takes me to the wall.
――Shiona's sweet smell tickles my nose.
「Rei, you're a girl now. Do you know what that means?」
「I know. You're cute when you get attached to me.」
That's not what I mean... I don't think it's a good idea to be too casual with each other.
”Why? If you're happy, then I think it's fine.”
That's not what I mean... I don't think it's a good idea to go around touching girls your age.
”You say you're of age, but you're still a child, aren't you?”
Girls grow up faster inside than they look. They've already got a pink heart.
Pink...? What do you mean by that?
「Pink is pink. That's why I don't think it's good.」
Shiona's heart seems to be in disarray for some reason.
She's talking to me with a smile, but her cheeks are puffy.
Come to think of it, whenever I said I was going to the library, her smile was always stiff.
It seems Shiona doesn't like the idea of me getting along with Tippie very much.
Even now, it looks like they're competing with Tippy.
「......hey, Shiona. Is that what it feels like to be jealous?」
At my words, Shiona's eyes go wide and she gasps.
Unsettled, she moved her eyes, not looking in my direction.
This is the first time I've seen her smile like this.
I reach out to her head.
Huh? Ray...?
And then, I gently stroked her hair, as if I were trying to be nice to her.
「Wah...wah, Ray, what's this all of a sudden? What's wrong?」
Unlike Tippy, Shiona's hair is silky smooth and comfortable. It smells good every time I stroke it.
That's the kind of hair that makes me want to touch it forever.
R-Ray? It's kinda embarrassing for me. Okay?
Ah, sorry. I just thought it might be better to do this"
I don't really get it, but seeing her right now makes my chest feel warm.
A feeling close to joy welled up in me.
A-Anyway, let's refrain from sticking around too much. Okay? Promise me?
「Yeah, if you say so, Shiona.」
That's why I had no choice but to say so.
We're going back to being with Tippy.
Teehee looked up at us anxiously.
”What's wrong? Is that why you're both mad?”
She furrowed her brows sadly.
It's okay. It's nothing"
「Really? You really aren't mad? Because Shiona's mom...it's red.」
Th-This isn't it. I'm not stingy because it's hot.
Hmm... Okay, got it.
Tears flowed down her cheeks, as if relieved.
To be honest, I'd like to wipe those tears off with my fingertips, but I'm sure Shiona wouldn't like that.
That's why I decided to hold back that urge.
I turn on the projector after I've recharged.
With a low motor sound, the exhaust fan starts spinning.
At the top of the screen, there was a flash of light indicating that they were preparing for activation.
It's been a while since I've seen an electric light. Shiona, Tippy, and I all looked at it with unusual eyes.
Let's see... Where to put the chips...
The control panel on the side of the projector is broken and exposed.
And in the middle of it was the spot where the chips were inserted.
I slowly inserted the tip that Mad had given me.
The projector started blinking the red light to check the data inside.
We held our breath as we watched the scene unfold.
After about ten seconds, the blinking intervals between the lights became shorter They changed to green lights.
”This means...it'll be okay, right?”
Anxiety and arousal mixed together, and her voice grew louder.
Yeah, the projector's fixed, and the data inside is fine"
Shiona's words make my heart skip a beat. I can tell the corners of my mouth are rising naturally.
felt happy from the satisfaction of having accomplished something new."
After charging the projector and confirming its operation, we headed to Mad's store.
Tippy said she'd gotten sleepy, so she stayed in the library.
I wanted to watch it with her, but Shiona told me I shouldn't push myself.
「I hope Mad-san likes it.」
Y-Yeah... I'm sure she'll be happy.
I hope so. It's something everyone in town made together. Especially since it's filled with everyone's feelings.
Y-Yeah... You're right.
「What's wrong, Shiona? Did something happen?」
Shiona's been acting strange for a while now.
No, nothing at all"
You think so...? I don't think so"
「Anyway, Ray, it's even cloudyer than usual today, and my heart is turning gray.」
Shiona looks up at the sky and mutters.
I try looking up at the sky in the same way, but I don't know what's different.
In fact, since it's after rain, dust from the air is falling, and it feels like it's easier to breathe.
Besides, it's damp, and it makes my heart pound. So, Ray, why don't we take it easy at home today? Let's have some orange soup.
Does this atmosphere make her uncomfortable...?
No, I think Shiona's words are hiding what she really wants to say.
But I didn't really understand what that meant.
I don't think Shiona would do something like that.
But we all made it together. I want to show Mad-san his son's movie as soon as possible.
Yeah... You're right"
Shiona falls silent after that.
I'm not angry.
She's following me side to side, matching my stride.
There was a hint of darkness in her expression.
When we arrived at Mad's shop, we stepped into the dimly lit store.
”Hey... What are you doing in here?”
Mud's voice echoed from the back of the store.
She's sitting in her chair, staring straight at us.
「Hello, Mad. Um... Here.」
I took out a projector full of splinters.
Mad glared at her, as if appraising her.
What's that supposed to mean? I didn't buy any garbage"
That's not it. This is a projector that plays back your son's movie, even if it doesn't look good"
My son's movie? I don't remember asking you to make something like that"
It's true that I didn't ask for it. It was something I did on my own. But a lot of people in town helped me make this. I want you to watch the movie.
Like I said, I don't remember asking you to do that"
I know. I did it on my own. That's why I'm going to do what I want to do from now on. If you're going to stop me, please stop.
I tried to walk away.
But Shiona grabs my sleeve from behind to stop me.
「Ray, Mad-san, Murasaki...... You'd better not today. Let's do it again, okay?」
「Shiona, we've come this far. Mad-san said she'd like to watch your son's movie, but if we don't watch it here, I'm sure she won't.」
Besides, if you really didn't like it, I would have been thrown out already.
I'm just guessing based on what Mad-san's done so far, but I don't think she's wrong.
「It's okay, Shiona. So don't look so worried. It's okay.」
I nodded firmly, trying to rid myself of Shiona's anxiety.
「......okay, Ray. If you want to do it, do as you please.」
Shiona let go of my sleeve.
I start walking again.
I put down the equipment at the counter and closed the door.
Next, I closed all the windows.
The inside of the store, which was already dark, became even darker.
It's just right darkness for the rebirth of the movie.
When I turned on the projector that had just been recharged, the fans roared and turned on the light I had installed for a while.
A square light appears on the wall of the store.
I adjusted the lens the owner gave me and focused on it.
Mud was just staring at it.
Mad, I'm going to play the movie now. Got it"
...Do whatever you want"
Mud didn't deny it.
I'm sure that's what Mad wants.
I put my finger on the button in the control panel....
I play it back.
Mad was staring at the square light with a stern expression.
The story begins in the light.
It was the story of a boy.
It was set in a time when the sky was still blue and nature still remained.
Born in a small house in a small town, he didn't know his mother.
Her father, who had lived together with her, only cared for her at the bare minimum... and they weren't even close enough to be called family.
And as the boy grew, the gap between the two grew deeper.
We meet face-to-face and we have a fight.
All of our short conversations were just denial.
Before we knew it, we hadn't even exchanged glances.
The boy went home less often, and before long he set foot on the path of evil.
His father beat him up in silence.
Her brows were furrowed even deeper than usual....
The boy dashes out of the house and leaves town.
But that was the beginning of harsh days.
The people I thought of as my friends used me well, betrayed me, and my mind and body were falling apart.
It was a woman who supported him.
Meeting her was what led him to the right path.
The boy decided to wash away his bad and move to a new town to start a new life.
I have a family.
He believed that his son would be born, and that he would spend the rest of his life happily with his beloved wife.
But... the woman will die of illness.
I didn't have time to despair.
He worked hard to raise the child that was left behind.
But I was so desperate to work that I didn't realize that there was a gulf between the two of us.
When I opened my mouth, there was nothing but a fight.
We passed each other day in and day out.
And then, a grown-up child stepped into the path of evil, as if he was trying to pin it on himself...
I thought it was punishment.
That's exactly what I've been doing to my father.
I cursed myself for being inexperienced.
He looked at his hand, thinking of a way to stop his son.
If I open my hand, I might be able to admonish my son by stroking his head and hugging him gently.
If I clench my fist, I might be able to rebuke my son with my fist.
Which should I choose as a father?
He clenches his fist.
The fist I punched my son with is hot, and my chest hurts as if it's being squeezed......and deep wrinkles appear between my eyebrows.
However, while holding her reddened cheeks, her son shed tears.
She said that she loved me, that she had scolded me properly.
The words made him cry.
Why didn't I realize what my son had realized back then?
The expression on her father's face after he hit her wasn't anger, but sorrow.
He took his son back to the town where he was born for the first time in twenty years.
The town hadn't changed much since we left.
And as expected, it's a small, unchanging house of birth.
However, her father, who lived alone in that house, looked a lot smaller than the one in her memories, probably because of her old age.
He bit his lip and cried in front of his father.
His father silently patted him on the shoulder and muttered a few words.
Mad's son's movie was a very old-fashioned human drama.
I don't know if this is interesting or not.
If my emotional functions were normal, I might have been able to make a decision.
But Mad was staring at the screen.
We watched the movie in silence all the time.
The staff roll ends, and the screen goes black.
Looks like it's over.
Shiona looks at me for a moment, then reaches for the stop button on the projector.
Just as her slender fingers are about to touch Botan, I grasp Shiona's hand.
「......? Ray?」
Shiona looks at me curiously. But I'm staring at the screen.
The black screen. The letters slowly appeared in the center of it.
letters contained clear emotions probably written in their own handwriting."
Give this film to my father"
The letters slowly disappeared into the darkness of the screen.
This time, the movie will come to an end quietly.
Silence surrounds us.
Even though I turned it off, Mad-san was still staring at the screen.
「Mad... The movie's over, you know?」
I let out a sigh at my words.
...What a boring movie"
I murmured in a quiet voice that was unimaginable from Mad up until now.
It's so boring, I'm tired of yawning"
She wiped away the tears that had collected due to the yawning she endured, stood up from her chair, and took out a chip from the projector.
Then, she gripped the palm of her hand tightly and sat back down on the chair.
「...Hurry up and go home.」
She said that in a voice with little intonation, and closed her eyes as if pondering something.
Could it be that her son's feelings didn't get through to her in this movie?
I wonder if it doesn't matter to Mad-san...
Then what I did was--
My chest started to hurt, and I hurriedly called out to Mad-san, thinking I had to say something.
But Shiona gently tugged on my clothes and interrupted me.
ray, it's okay.
Shiona smiles as she lowers her eyebrows.
「Mad, you're just not being honest. Let's leave you alone for now. Okay?」
You can't be honest...?
In other words, everything Mud said just now had the opposite meaning?
「Mad-san, you're so silky right now. You're covered in beautiful light blue. It's all thanks to you, Ray.」
I wonder... If that's the case...
I feel a warmth in my chest.
I know this feeling.
It was a feeling called 『joy.』
I'm happy that Mad was happy.
I'm extremely glad I was able to be of help.
We quietly left the store so we wouldn't get in Mad's way.
The projector was installed so that people could watch the movie whenever they wanted.
When I stepped outside, I saw a faint orange light on the other side of the sky.
It was a color that seemed to reflect my feelings.
「I'm really glad you like it, Mad-san.」
Yeah, you're right"
But she had a somewhat sad smile on her face.
Eh? About what"
You look kind of sad"
Really? That's not true. It's just how I feel when Mad-san's happy"
Really? That's good, then"
「Hey, Ray. How about we treat you today?」
Food? Why"
Because it's the day that Ray made Mad happy.
「Anniversaries... Yeah, anniversaries.」
I'll make some orange soup and make some powa powa today"
Yeah, you're right. I'll help you with the cooking.
Thank you. I'm very happy, Ray.
Shiona's hand touches mine.
We held hands, one way or another.
The warmth of our connected hands.
The orange sky was eventually swallowed up by the darkness of the night that snuck up on me.
The next day, we decided to sing in the plaza, just as we promised everyone who helped us fix the projector.
Since it was a rare opportunity, I wanted to ask Mud with me, so I went to Mad's store.
But the door was still shut.
's usually already open, but there's a sign that says CLOSE hanging from it."
The door to the store was locked, so I couldn't get in.
I peeked into the store through the crack of the door.
The projector on the counter is still there.
Nothing has changed since yesterday.
The chair that Mad was sitting in was on top of the shelf, so I couldn't see it.
「What's wrong, Mad-san? Are you not feeling well?」
...So this is how it turned out, huh.
What do you mean, this happened ?"
I tilt my head at Shiona's words, as if she knew the cafe was going to be closed.
「Mad-san's been bright red ever since the middle of yesterday's movie, but she's gone.」
Red... 」"
Yeah, I don't think there's any need to hold back anymore. This is the first time I've ever seen such a calm Mud.
Shiona smiles annoyedly.
「Have you been holding back from something this whole time?」
「That's right. I've always wanted to make up with your son. I wanted to go see him, but he's always blushing and stinginging, isn't he? That's why it didn't bother him.」
Then, could it be that yesterday's movie was...?
「That's right. It's because you showed Mad-san your son's movies that he was able to be honest with you.」
「Are you going to see your son, Mad?」
Yeah. I think he left town"
Shiona smiles brightly. Her smile makes me realize that I really did help Mad-san.
My chest gets hot all at once, and it becomes words and falls into my mouth.
「Amazing! Amazing, Shiona! It's the same as in that movie! I didn't go to see her son, but it was her father! She's almost the same as in the movies!」
Yes, that's right. It's really amazing. But there's one thing that's troubling me.
Something troubling you"
Shiona's expression clouded over as she let out a small sigh.
I wonder if there's anything wrong with making up with Mad-san and her son?
「I don't think Mad-san's going to be back for a while, so I can't get any more ingredients for the soup.」
Shiona says so with a serious face.
”Well... That's a problem.”
Yeah, it's a problem, isn't it? But it'll be fine for a while as long as we save the ingredients we have.
Shiona smiles brightly as her mouth falls apart.
Seeing her like that, I felt my cheeks move on their own.
Something warm rises up from the depths of my chest.
I don't know how to describe this feeling, but I feel satisfied.
I hope Mad comes home soon. I'd love to hear what he has to say. Maybe his son will come with us, too. In that case, it'll be even better.
Yeah, you're right. I hope so"
Little by little, I'm learning how to feel. That's what I feel.
I'm able to get close to my ideal image.
I want to help people more and more.
I want to learn more and more emotions.
That feeling was the driving force driving me to action.
Let's get going, Ray. We're going to be late.
That's right. Let's hurry. I wonder how many people will smile today"
I'm sure it's a lot. A lot more than yesterday"
「It's because your voice is beautiful.」
No, it's because of Ray's performance.
I'm just turning the wheel"
That's what's important. When a person's heart is kind, the music also spreads out as dust"
Shiona smiles as she gently spreads her arms.
If it was just my song, I'm sure no one would stop. My song is only possible because of Ray's performance. Thank you, Ray.
My face gets hot.
「I wonder why, Shiona. Your face is really hot.」
You're right. Your face is bright red. I'm sure you're embarrassed.
Embarrassed? Is this what it feels like to be embarrassed?
Yeah. You're surprisingly shy, Ray. You're cute.
At Shiona's words, my face grows hotter and hotter.
We left Mad's store and visited the plaza.
Many people had already gathered there before we arrived.
”I've been waiting for you two. I'm counting on you two!”
The kids have been saying Let's go to the festival ever since yesterday. Please do it"
Your songs have healed me. Thank you very much"
Onii-chan, Onee-chan, sing again"
Everyone we met was waiting for our melody.
And all of them were smiling.
so this is it.
What I was looking for.
To do something, to be happy, and to be thanked.
This is what I was looking for.
(What a good feeling.)
How warm my heart is.
I've always wanted to taste this sensation.
「Shiona, let's get started. Let's make everyone smile.」
Yeah, of course"
I turned the music box's handle, just like yesterday.
The melody overflows.
Shiona spins the melody to match that sound.
And then, that melody spread out a ring of big smiles.
A smile spread throughout the town.
That made me happy more than anything.
And the expression on Shiona's face as she sings happily is my joy.
The townsfolk listened to me with the same smile as yesterday.
The circle of smiles spread out.
Suddenly―― I felt something strange as I turned the music box's handle.
Her right hand was wearing gloves to hide the machine's hand.
I feel a slight creak in her hand as she turns the wheel.
Hey, how was that machine the day before yesterday"
While I was cleaning up the performance, she spoke to me and I raised my head.
The museum's owner and the townspeople who provided us with the parts.
「I was able to regenerate it, and Mad-san liked it. It's all thanks to everyone.」
I see. That's good to hear. It was worth talking to everyone.
It's really all thanks to you guys. Thank you very much"
No, it's okay... But that's all thanks to you.
“Yeah, that’s right. Because of your actions, someone came out to help me like this.”
But that's because you're all kind. My actions are nothing more than a trigger.
“Of course that’s part of it. But you won’t know until you act, and it won’t change. It’s not about who’s the greatest or who’s the greatest. The first person to act is worth it.”
The museum's curator and everyone else who helped us smiled warmly.
If anything else comes up, don't hesitate to let me know. I'll do everything I can to help.
Saying that, the curators dispersed and left.
I thought as I watched her go.
「Hey, Shiona?」
What's wrong, Ray?
As I thought, I want a lot more people to enjoy it.
”It's really wonderful that people like it.”
Yeah, you're right. But it's nice to think that way, Ray.
I'm a little happy to be praised by Shiona.
I can feel the warmth in the back of my chest.
That's why I want to help a lot of people. I want to meet a lot more people and help them solve their problems.
If that's what you want to do, then I think it's a good idea.
「Then let's go look for Shiona! Let's go help people in need in this town!」
”...Wait.”
Um, Ray, I don't think that's quite right.
I was sure Shiona would agree.
But she's shaking her head with troubled eyes.
It's true that helping people is a wonderful thing. But I don't think it's right to push that onto others.
Push me...? I'm not trying to do anything like that.
“Of course, I know how you feel. But people have barriers and problems that they have to overcome themselves. If you help them all, they can’t grow. Of course, it’s important to help them, but they have to do their best first, and when they can’t handle it, they need help. So, Ray, let’s help them when someone asks us for help. It’s not too late to save them after that.”
I understand what Shiona is saying.
I could understand that.
But deep in my heart, I feel something tugging at my throat.
Why do I have to let my feelings of wanting to help others go?
Why can't I save people on my own?
Why, why, why...
That's when I stopped thinking.
Shiona's smile seemed sad somehow.
Several days later.
Something feels wrong again.
I felt something strange in my right hand as I was turning the music box.
An indescribably small sensation.
But it's definitely attacking my right hand.
The strange feeling was gradually getting stronger.
After returning to Shiona's house, I try moving my fingers in her room.
When I did, all of my fingers reached a certain depth in the same way, and they didn't bend any further.
I can't grasp anything with this.
It's a problem at the level where it'll get in the way of daily life.
No matter how many times I try, the glitch won't fix it.
Maybe I need to fix it up so I can take it apart.
I have an idea what's going on.
I was looking for that projector.
I've done a lot of reckless things in that junkyard.
I felt something strange as I moved the heavy things around.
I'm going to the abandoned factory today.
And I'll go look for tools for repairs.
ray, it's time for dinner.
Shiona suddenly enters the room.
I hurriedly put on my gloves and hid my bare right hand.
What's wrong? You're in such a hurry.
“It’s nothing. I was just surprised because I was spacing out.”
Did I surprise you? Sorry about that. I'll knock next time"
Yeah, thanks. That'd be great"
Okay, got it. Anyway, dinner's ready. Wanna eat now"
I looked at the clock.
Before I knew it, the hands of the clock had already circled the top.
I didn't know it was this late...
「It's always cloudy outside. I don't have a sense of time anymore.」
Yeah, I'll be right there. Can you wait for me?
「Okay, got it. I'll be waiting in the kitchen, Ray.」
Shiona smiles brightly and leaves.
I took off my gloves again and checked my right hand.
...I have to do something to make sure Shiona doesn't find out.
Even if we're going to an abandoned factory, we'll have to eat first.
I made up my mind and headed to the kitchen.
Shiona's cooking is lined up in the kitchen.
Ray, sit down. Let's eat.
Shiona joined hands in front of her face.
I joined hands with her in the same way.
May our Father, who art in the heavens, be praised as saints, and may thy will be done on earth, just as thy will is done in the heavens. May our daily bread be given to us today as well. Forgive us our sins, and we shall forgive men. Please, do not tempt us, and save us from evil"
Shiona taught me these words.
Before I knew it, I'd started praying in the same way.
That's just how much time we've spent together.
Thinking that makes my chest feel warm.
Hm? It's nothing.
Really? You're making a happy face. It's all orange and fluffy.
A happy face? Me...?
Yes, very, very much so. Ray, you've been making that expression a lot lately. I'm happy for some reason.
Does that mean you're smiling?
Yeah, that's right. You didn't smile at first, but you've been smiling a lot lately. I'm happy.
Am I... smiling...?
I remember the first day I woke up.
The face I saw that day was expressionless.
I've been wishing ever since that day.
I want emotions.
Before I knew it, I had started to get what I wanted.
I felt my heart lighten up a bit.
Now I can be with Shiona and the others forever.
I looked down at my right hand.
With my hands dangling limply, I can't use spoons.
I had no choice but to pick up the left hand and scoop up the soup.
Eating with an unfamiliar left hand is extremely difficult.
「What's wrong, Ray...? Huh? Is Ray left-handed?」
「No... I'm right-handed, but my right hand kinda hurts today.」
Does it hurt? Oh no! I have to call a doctor... Oh, but he's not in this town, so I have to call him from a faraway town...
No, I'm fine. I'll be fine if you leave me alone"
This is bad... This is bad.
If the doctor sees me, he'll find out who I am.
I had to at least avoid that.
I want to stay here forever.
I'm sure it's because you were so reckless the other day. You worked so hard in the rain"
... Yeah, I think it's probably because of that.
See, I won't stop when I say it. I'm worried about Ray's health.
Yeah, thanks. But thanks to your hard work, I'm glad you're happy.
Yeah, you're right. But don't push yourself.
Shiona looks at me with a worried face.
I shouldn't make her look like this anymore.
When I look at Shiona other than her smile, my heart goes pale.
Come to think of it, I wonder if Mad-san's back. Have you heard from her since then?
Not yet. Your son lives a little far away. I'm sure he hasn't arrived yet"
I see. I hope you get in touch with me soon"
Yeah, you're right"
After that, Shiona didn't ask about my right hand.
I'm not used to eating with my left hand, so I finish eating early.
And then, I returned to my room and started getting dressed.
She stuffs the tools into her bag.
I'm going to have to take my own arm apart.
I need to solve this on my own.
I can't rely on anyone.
That's why I prepared carefully.
While I was busy getting ready, I heard the sound of the door being knocked.
Shiona enters the room immediately after.
Ray, if you don't mind, would you like to go shopping?
Shiona asked, looking at me and my bag alternately.
Yeah. I'm looking for something"
Where are you going? Close? Far? When are you coming back"
I'm going to the abandoned factory. I'll try to get home as soon as possible.
”An abandoned factory? What are you going to do?”
Umm... The director of the photo studio asked me to find some parts for it.
It was a lie.
It's a childish lie, but Shiona smiles brightly.
I see... Okay. Really, be careful, okay? Your right hand isn't in good condition, is it?
Yeah, thanks. I'll try to get home as soon as I can.
Shiona sees me off and I leave the church.
Our destination is the abandoned factory――
But before that, there was a place I had to go.
I need to make up for the lie I told her on the spur of the moment.
If by any chance Shiona met with the curator and told him about me, he'd find out about my lie.
If that happens, I'll probably hurt Shiona.
I don't want to hurt Shiona.
That's why I visited the photographer's office.
「Oh? That's an unusual guest.」
When I opened the door, the director, who was polishing the camera, greeted me.
”I'm sorry to bother you all of a sudden.”
No, it's okay... I was just thinking of going home.
“Home... at the church? Did you need something?”
Yeah, hold on a second"
The director retreats into the back of the museum.
While I was waiting, I decided to take a look at the pictures on display.
There were old photos and recent photos all over the place.
The date, place, and people were different.
But there was one thing they had in common.
That meant that everyone was smiling the same way.
I couldn't help but be envious of the people in that picture with those smiles.
Hey, hey, sorry to keep you waiting. Here, take this"
The director handed me a picture.
I can see Shiona smiling and me expressionless in it.
It's a picture I took before. It took a while to develop, so I'm sorry I'm late.
That's not true. Thank you very much. But I don't have any money...
It's okay. I'm late, and I wanted to take a picture of it myself. I'll give you a freebie.
「Thank you very much. I'll give it to Shiona.」
「Please do. Still, looking at you two, you two really are alike.」
「Do you know Shiona's brother?」
「Yeah, of course. Have you ever seen a picture of Shiona and her brother together?」
Yes, there is. It's a picture of you holding a music box"
Yeah, that's it. The truth is, I took it"
I see... When did you set out on a journey"
「I think it was right after that photo was taken. She said she wanted to spread the music to the whole world. Shiona's already sad. She's always smiling like that, but she's been crying the whole time.」
「That Shiona? I can't believe it...」
But you know, I've been smiling a lot lately. Just as much as when you're around... No, maybe even more"
I see. I'm sure she's been smiling the whole time.
”I'm sure it's because of you.”
I think it's partly because you look like your brother, but I don't think that's the only reason.
「But I haven't done anything for you, Shiona.」
Doing something for her isn't all it takes to make her smile. It's also possible to make her smile by being by her side.
「I'll be by your side... In that case, I'm more confident I'll be by your side than anyone else.」
「I can tell that from my own eyes. When I'm with you, it feels like you're smiling from the bottom of your heart.」
Those words warmed my heart.
I'm connected to Shiona's smile.
Because I'm here, Shiona...
「It's strange for me to be the one asking, but could you stay by Shiona's side forever?」
「Of course. I'll always be by your side and keep smiling. That's my greatest wish.」
「Hahahaha, you're almost like a proposal. It's a shame Shiona isn't here.」
A... proposal..."
When I heard those words, my face felt hot.
I know what those words mean.
A Human swears that a man and a woman will spend the rest of their lives together.
Was what I just said the same thing?
When I think about it, my face gets even hotter.
I turn my back to the director so he doesn't notice my unease.
Umm, well then, I have somewhere to go.
I see. Make sure you don't lose that picture"
Yes, thank you very much"
I said thanks behind my back and left the photo shop.
The road to an abandoned factory.
I charge through the crimson ground.
The bag filled with tools is a burden.
I hear the sound of tools rubbing against each other in the bag I put over my shoulder.
The wind was strong, and it seemed like it would rain at any time.
If we go and repair it, we'll have to put the cart before the horse if we run into any more trouble.
I decided to hurry to the abandoned factory before it rained.
On the way there.
In the distance, I found something that wavered white.
But it's so far away that I can't even tell what it is.
I don’t know how big it is yet, but it looks like it’s slowly approaching me.
I strained my eyes in an attempt to check.
At that moment, a gust of wind blew.
I instinctively closed my eyes.
By the time I open my eyes again, the white object has already left my field of vision.
Just what was that just now...?
I stood still for a while.
But I can't stay like this.
The situation is getting more and more dire.
I have to get to the abandoned factory.
I arrived at the abandoned factory when it looked like it was going to rain at any moment.
The inside is still covered in dust, filled with the smell of oxidized oil.
I immediately found a nearby workbench and decided to take off my right glove.
I'm used to bare parts by now.
I decided to slowly open and close my fingers.
The malfunction hasn’t been fixed, and it stops midway through.
What could be the cause?
I take out a light from my bag and shine it on my arm.
It doesn't look like there's any foreign object inside.
...Which means it's probably about the parts inside.
I took out the tools and began to disassemble my right hand.
I felt unsettling as I took apart my own hands.
I'm destroying myself now.
If I were to take apart all of this, would I be broken?
Is that my death?
I wonder how it feels.
If I died, where would my consciousness go?
And if it were to be restructured again, would this consciousness return?
Can I really call it alive?
Thinking about it in a corner of my mind as I disassembled it, I found the cause of the problem.
The cylinder's piston rod, which distributes the oil to my fingers, bends, and the oil seeps out.
It's one of the parts I removed when I fixed Shiona's music box.
At the time, I used the oil in the cylinder to adjust the cogs in the music box.
It was a small amount of oil, but it was probably a necessary amount for the finger part, which repeated precise operation.
If the small cracks pile up, it'll be a big scar.
However, if the rod is bent this far, even if it's fixed half-way, the oil might regrow.
The surest way to do that would be to exchange these parts for new ones.
I stood up and decided to search the area.
The half-finished Phylloid parts rolling around on the floor.
Here in the Floyd Factory, there must be some parts that fit your model.
I'll search the factory with my broken right arm.
There were a lot of arms, legs, and body parts in the factory.
If I'm not careful, the head parts are so elaborate that you'd think they were real for a moment.
I start searching for something that matches me.
Looking at my bare right arm, I check the model of the parts I need.
Looks like it's a model for the parts we need.
I'm looking for the same model number from the rolling arm parts.
I wonder if she's using something really rare.
I checked the parts in the factory, but there weren't any of them.
The decay of this factory is far more advanced than the place where I woke up.
I knew it had been destroyed a long time ago.
If that's the case, then it's no wonder the production year is different, and there aren't any parts of the same model number.
impatiently searching for the parts, I found something marked AR 115"
On the outside, it looks just like the parts in my arms.
It's just that the shaft and piston rod are a little longer.
With this, I should be able to change it with just a little processing.
arms attached to AR 115 are placed on the workbench and disassembled."
matter how well I pull out the parts, I'll compare them to the parts that were originally embedded in me―― Homeroom 114"
It seems that the output terminals that didn't exist in homeroom 114 have been added to the AR 115.
Other than that, there were no other changes.
I immediately put the parts on my arms.
It was a little difficult to install, unlike when it was disassembled.
Even though I've dropped the screw over and over again, I manage to finish installing it.
I try moving my finger, and it opens and closes just like before.
But every time I did, I could hear dissonance in the room.
It seems that the lubricating oil has run out.
In search of oil, I go to the back of the factory.
When the smell of oxidized oil becomes stronger, we arrive at a pitch-black drum.
When you open it, none of them are oxidized and cannot be used.
But I found a relatively new drum in the very back.
When I opened it, there was a small amount of oil inside, but it was less oxidized.
I scoop up the oil from the oil storage tank inside my arm.
And then, she returned the tank to its original place.
After a while, the oil is automatically extracted, and the machine parts slide well.
When I tried to move it, I was able to open and close my fingers without discord.
I was able to fix it.
As I look at the smooth movement of her fingers, I feel the feeling of my chest clearing up.
I put my gloves back on, put the tools back in my bag, and leave the factory.
There was a strong wind outside.
I hope it doesn't rain...
I hurried back to town.
On the way...
There was a white object lying on the ground.
It was flustered, as if being toyed with by the rustling wind.
After staring at it for a while, I realized that it was a cape.
After a few hesitations, I saw something wrapped inside.
It had a human form.
No way, I hurriedly approached it, got down on one knee, and softly pulled up my cloak.
There was a young man with a serious injury.
Blood flowed from his wounded arm I knew immediately that he was Human.
”A-Are you okay?!”
「Uu...... uu......」
The young man groaned in response to my voice.
Her body was painfully injured, and it didn't look like she could stand up at all.
The young man's feet were marked as if he had crawled.
There’s blood on the wound, indicating how cruel it is.
I have to save her.
A sense of duty seeped out of my chest and into my entire body.
Please hang in there! Are you okay!?
I threw the bag on his shoulder to the ground and picked him up.
The young man's body trembled, and he groaned even harder, as if he was in pain.
And then, as if clinging to something, she reached out her hand.
I quickly hold out my open right hand.
She grabs my hand through her gloves.
I bit my umbilical cord in my mind.
But her grip is so weak that I can’t shake her off.
The young man slowly opened his eyes and looked at me.
Y-You"
A-Are you okay? There's a town nearby. I'll bring it to you right away.
“Ma... tch...”
She murmured my words with vacant eyes, as if ruminating on them.
And then, as if checking the hand she was holding, she traced the glove with her fingers, which didn't have any strength left.
I'm sure she found out.
She probably noticed a different hard sensation from a Human's through her gloves.
But I don't mind.
This isn't the kind of situation I should be worrying about.
“...Y-You’re... in... th-the town...”
“Ma... t... sumu...”
The young man repeats the word 'Machi' like a spell.
Those words are feeble, and I feel like they'll disappear at any moment.
I've decided to take the young man home.
I might be able to save her now.
I fold my shoulders and drag the young man along.
Her steps were heavy, and it took me a long time to walk ten meters.
But I wanted to save her... I wanted to save her.
How long... have you... been here..."
The fainting man asks me a question.
It's only about a week"
「I... see... I... I see...」
I can feel the young man weakening over my shoulder.
If I don't get a hold of myself, I might not be able to come back.
“Please hang in there. We’ll be arriving in town soon. It’s not that big, but everyone in town is warm.”
I desperately tried to talk to the young man.
If I could talk to her about something that would pique her interest, she wouldn't lose consciousness.
The doctor isn't here, but I have a book I can read, so I'm sure I'll know how to treat your injury"
「......Ho......n......?」
Yes! Anything at all. I'm sure you'll be able to investigate anything. So please, get a hold of yourself.
...Wha... nn... but... huh"
Yes! I'm sure of it!
The young man took a deep breath and murmured.
...Throw it away"
I didn't know what she had said.
I stop walking without thinking.
...Just... throw me away like this...
”I-I can't do that!”
I was... attacked by Humans"
A Human..."
I was just... traveling in search of ideals... but ideals... are values...
The young man took another long breath.
Because of the difference in values... Humans... conflict, antagonism, conflict... they become... inhuman... to the bitter end"
Th-That's not true. Humans are warm, sharing various things, supporting each other"
Yeah, that's the ideal scenario"
The young man was exhausted, as if he had exhaled all the breaths he had taken so far.
”Um... P-Please hang in there! Hang in there!”
Did she just lose consciousness, or...
Disgusting thoughts raced through my head.
Gritting my teeth, I look straight ahead and start walking toward the town.
To save this person in one second.
Before we knew it, the rain had started to fall, and it had violently hit our backs.
Rain water poured into my gloves, but this wasn't the time to be worrying about it.
I carried the young man to the church in a daze.
「Ray, what's wrong...th, that person is!?」
Shiona greeted me in a panic.
”He collapsed on the way here! He's seriously injured!”
「Okay. Carry it all the way in.」
Guided by Shiona, I carry the young man to the room with the bed.
As I lay her down on the white sheets, the rain water and blood on her body mix together, forming a red stain and spreading out.
The young man doesn't seem to regain consciousness.
ray, i brought you some water.
I place the glass Shiona gave me onto the young man's mouth.
I pour in a little water.
The young man's throat throbbed.
Even so, she didn't regain consciousness.
Her face had turned pale, compared to when we first met.
「Shiona, I'm going to the library! I'm sure there's a medical textbook there!」
Shiona bites her lip as she starts to say something.
I’m worried about that, but we’re running out of time right now.
I left the room with Shiona behind me.
And then, without even caring about getting wet from the rain, I called her to the library.
ray, what's wrong? you're all wet.
Maybe he was surprised by me rushing in, as tippy stared at me with wide eyes.
I asked, paying no mind to her ragged breathing.
”Tippie... Do you have a medical textbook here?”
Y-Yeah, I do.
Please, will you show me the way right away?
...Okay"
She must have sensed something.
Teehee took me there right away.
“Somebody likes him?”
In the middle of the road leading us,Tippie asked, still facing forward.
Yeah... You're hurt"
「Ray? Shiona? Or...」
No, you don't know him. So you don't have to look so sad.
Because... Because, because...
Large teardrops flowed down my cheeks.
That young man is a stranger of Tippy's.
And yet, and yet...
How sweet of you to be able to cry for that person.
”I'm fine... I'm fine.”
I pick her up and gently wrap my hands around hers.
I could feel her hot tears through her clothes.
I could feel a small pain in the back of my chest.
Holding back the pain, I fished through the medical literature.
But no matter how many books we have, we're still amateurs.
I didn't know what kind of symptoms, what kind of treatment I should receive, or even what book was correct.
I took as many books as I could from the library.
I returned to the church without worrying about the book getting wet.
When I opened the door, I heard a melody.
It's Shiona's singing melody.
That voice alone made it clear that this was a sacred place.
「Shiona, how are you doing?」
No... I haven't woken up. I did what I could, but...
I run to the young man.
Shiona must be the one who's bandaged.
But the young man's face is even paler than before.
I violently opened the medical textbook.
I flipped through the pages to see if there was anything I could do.
But we were too reckless.
Even if it's a wonderful medical book, it's just a bunch of paper.
In the first place, there was no way we could have saved someone with medical science.
We were so powerless, we were so small.
Shiona began singing quietly.
It was quiet, like a requiem, unlike usual.
...Mm... This song"
The young man opened his eyes at Shiona's song.
But that point of view is hollow, and it feels like it'll disappear at any moment.
Do you know this song"
Yeah, this song brings back memories... I used to sing it a lot"
The young man's gaze traced the ceiling to Shiona and me.
At that moment, the young man turned into a gentle face.
“...Yeah, it was here... The world I wanted...”
”What do you mean? What kind of world are you looking for...?”
Maybe the young man can't hear me anymore. He won't answer my question.
I continued to speak on my own.
「...the path to coexistence...a world of harmony...」
After saying that, the young man closed his eyes.
She didn't move a muscle after that.
I remember the sensation of something falling out of my chest.
「Hey, Shiona, why won't you open your eyes? Are you sleeping?」
The power I had in my hands just now is slowly fading away...
Hey, I wonder why... I wonder if I'm tired...
An indescribable sense of loss sinks deep into my chest like a dark cloud.
Pain runs through my chest like it's been churned.
Shiona hugs me from behind.
That warmth calmed me down a little.
I naturally place my hand on hers.
「Shiona... I, I...」
Ray... let's hold a funeral for you.
A funeral...?
It's like a ritual performed when a person dies.
”When someone died...”
Those words made me realize it.
Oh, he's dead.
”That is the only way to mourn the dead.”
I can't move while listening to Shiona's words.
I couldn't process the existence of death that appeared in front of me.
Well then, I have something to prepare, so can you help me?
All I could do was nod briefly.
We started preparing for the funeral.
To mourn this young man, who didn't even know his name.
There was one thing that bothered me as I was getting ready for the ceremony.
I left Teehee in the library after crying so much.
I wonder if Tippy's still crying.
In that dark library. Alone.
ray, what's wrong?
While I was decorating the altar, Shiona spoke to me.
Yeah... There's something that's been bothering me.
Something on your mind? What's wrong? About that man?
”No, that's not what I mean... I'm talking about you.”
”Tippie? What's wrong with you?”
When I went to get a medical textbook, I told Teehee everything about him. And then, Teehee cried... To be honest, I left him in the library.
You're turning blue, and you're still like that"
Yeah, that's right. That's why I thought you might still be crying...
...Yeah, you might be right. I'm sure she's crying in the back of the library.
I could easily imagine her figure.
When I think about it that way, I can't help it.
「Shiona, can I go check up on Tippie for a bit?」
Shiona smiled sadly.
There's still a little more to prepare for the funeral. So I hope you'll come back soon"
Yeah, I know. I'll be right back.
...Okay. See you later"
Shiona looks at me with a somewhat sad smile.
I finished decorating the altar and headed to the library.
with the medical textbook you borrowed.
I held up an umbrella and walked down the small town.
The town looked somehow different from usual.
It was as if something important had been missing...
I ran through the town, rushing to the library.
The library was enveloped in silence, as if trying to shut off the rain.
No, there's just one thing.
Except for the sound of the blue girl sobbing.
Relying on that girl's crying, I move forward.
The girl was in her usual place.
The girl was shedding tears as she drew her usual picture.
Ray... Ray...
When she recognized me,Tippie reached out a small hand.
I hug her small body in response.
The moment I hugged her, her slurping voice became a little louder.
Ray... What happened to her"
Those words choked me.
Hey, Ray... Ray...
Hey... hey... hey"
Silence is the answer.
Perhaps having realized everything, Tippy began to cry in a loud, sorrowful voice.
Large teardrops spilled out for the sake of that young man I had never met.
Yeah, I wonder why.
What is this pain in my chest?
My heart was being churned.
Every now and then, it would hurt my chest with pain.
I'm sure it's overflowing from the wound on my chest.
It was overflowing out of my eyes with a fever.
Before I knew it, I was crying.
I shed tears at the death of a nameless young man.
Oh, that's right.
's what sadness is."
It's a blue emotion.
It's the emotion that's always burning in my heart.
It's so painful and painful.
Her endless tears.
I don't know how to stop it.
No, that's not it.
I didn't want to stop her.
I've always wanted to keep the hot droplets flowing.
I'm sure this drop is an act of healing my sadness.
We're holding our hearts together by shedding the sadness that's built up in our hearts.
Thinking about it that way, the weight in my chest felt a little lighter.
And at the same time, I feel like the amount of tears I'm about to cry increases.
I cried.
We cried.
We sobbed, hugged each other, and cried.
Cry, cry, cry...
No matter how much time passes, my tears will never dry up.
Tears continued to flow, so that my sadness wouldn't die down.
”Tippie, the funeral is coming up soon.”
”...Something like? What...is that?”
「It's a ritual to say goodbye to the dead. Shiona's preparing for it right now.」
Farewell... 」"
I won't be able to see you again"
I can't take it anymore... No"
Teehee clung to me tightly.
Her arms were shaking a little.
I know how you feel, Tippy. But I think it's because I'm sad that I have to say goodbye properly.
We won't see each other again, so let's say goodbye and see her off. If you don't, I'm sure you'll be lonely and sad...
“I'm sad... I'm sad...”
Yeah, I'm sure you're right. That's why I'm sending you off. Can you do it... so that you won't get lonely and sad?
Tippy slowly moves her body away from me.
She looked up at me with tears still streaming down her face.
”...I can do it. I can do it, Tippy.”
”I see. That's great, Tippy.”
She looked a little happy when I patted her head.
But those tears wouldn't stop.
Okay, let's go... Can you stand?
Yeah... Wait a minute"
Tippie stands up and picks up a teddy bear.
Even now, the stuffed animal she's always with is still in her arms.
We headed to the church, holding hands in the rain.
Father, the Lord of Love, I entrust you with the young man who believes in the only child you have sent, and whose journey ends in the hope of eternal life"
「Please remove all the burdens of the siblings from us, guide them to a heavenly dwelling, and add them to the saintly gathering.」
「I pray that in the midst of our separation, we, too, may be supported by the hope of the Lord's promised resurrection, so that we may share in the eternal joy of your child.」
Shiona's voice echoes throughout the church. It's filled with people.
No one has ever seen that young man.
No one should know that young man.
Even so, everyone gathered here was mourning the young man's death.
I thought this was how people feel about others, how they relate to each other.
Everyone clasped their hands in front of their chests, closed their eyes, and offered their prayers.
Teehee and I follow suit.
Shiona's voice echoes softly throughout the church.
It almost sounded like a song she was offering to the young man...
After the funeral, the young man is buried in the cemetery behind the church.
Everyone in the town walks up to the coffin one by one to say goodbye.
good next life...
Let's meet again someday...
eternal rest...
I tell her what I feel.
”Come on, Tippy.”
It was our turn to approach the coffin.
Tippy was staring at the coffin the young man was in.
The tears she had shown me just before the funeral were gone, and she was just staring at the young man expressionlessly.
As if she had lost her emotions.
She just kept silent.
She was staring at the coffin.
Feeling uneasy, I tried to call out to Tippy.
But the moment she does, she opens her mouth.
I murmured in a soft voice.
Several hours passed.
It was rare for a light to come in from the gaps in the clouds where the rain had stopped.
It was rare for the sun to shine in from the gray sky.
But I didn't get captivated by the beautiful scenery.
Because the expression I saw during the funeral worried me.
Her expression was too empty to be called that sadness.
I don't know what that means.
Even so, there was one thing I thought about.
I want to be by her side.
I want to talk to her while I'm by her side.
And I want to help her feel better.
Those feelings welled up inside me.
When I try to open the door, Shiona stops me.
Yeah, I thought I'd go see Tippie"
You looked really sad at the funeral, so I got worried"
I see... But I'm worried about you, Ray.
「Yeah. You look really sad, Ray.」
”Sad...?”
I touch my cheek with my hand.
”You don't know, do you? Come here.”
He pulled me into the living room, and I stood in front of the mirror.
Look, you're making a sad face, aren't you?
My face in the mirror... was blue.
I understand why Shiona always called you 'blue.'
Right now, I'm making the same face as Tippy.
Even though my heart is quiet, my body loses its strength, and my expression is sunk as if drawn to gravity.
...Yeah, this is the first time I've seen myself like this.
This is... sadness.
Even if you don't cry, when you're overwhelmed by these emotions, your expression becomes so blue.
People have passed away, so it's only natural for you to make that face"
This feeling......how does it feel to live......?
It's bitter... and painful... and heavy, painful, and cold...
I look at Shiona's expression through the mirror.
But there was a hint of sadness in her smile.
She must be smiling bravely.
Just the thought of that made my heart ache.
「You're important to me, too, Tippy. But first, I want you to take care of yourself.」
Am I... precious to you?
「Yeah, that's right. Ray cares about himself.」
I never thought about... taking care of myself.
「You're so kind, Ray. That's why you prioritize other people over yourself.」
But that's what I want to do.
「I'm a little sad about that. I don't want you to overdo it.」
I'm not forcing myself"
”Really? I don't think so.”
Shiona's arms wrap around mine.
”I'm...worried.”
I felt my heart rate rising.
I don't know what that is.
But it's true that my emotions were wavering.
That warmth, I felt kindness.
......no, more than just kindness......I feel a different kind of warmth from when I touch her skin.
Hey, Ray. How about some tea?
... Tea? Why"
When you drink something warm and soft, your mind and body go blank. It feels so good to be able to relax.
”But Tippie...”
「I'm sure you're upset about the death of someone, but I'm sure you'll be able to overcome it. Let's leave you alone for now. It's very important to be alone.」
You think so"
Yeah, I'm sure of it. Because if I don't, I won't be able to get stronger"
People can overcome barriers and sadness and become stronger. But if someone helps them every time, they won't be able to grow. Let's leave them alone for today, so that they can grow up to be you, Tippy"
tippy is a weak being.
She's always crying.
But if this is my chance to grow...
I'll accept that.
「Shiona, could you make me some tea?」
Of course. Could you sit in a chair and wait for me?
I sit down on the sofa and wait for Shiona's tea.
After waiting for a while, a nice smell filled the room.
「Sorry for the wait. It's a special kind of tea. Eat up.」
The teacup she held out was filled with orange drinks.
A faint sour taste and a faint sweet smell drifted about.
It's been a while since I've talked to Ray like this.
Yeah, you're right. A lot has happened...
ray, how's your memory?
No, it doesn't look like she'll be back yet"
I see... But there's no need to rush. You might suddenly remember something.
Yeah, thanks... But I'm sorry.
I'm sorry? About what?
「I'm a freeloader, but I can't repay you for that.」
「That's not true. I'm just happy that you're by my side.」
”But that's not a way to repay you.”
That's not all. You fixed the music box for me, too... That's how I became able to sing"
「Shiona was singing before that, wasn't she?」
But it's very different if you don't have a melody. We played together in the plaza, right? The truth is, I've sung there a lot"
By yourself... over there"
Yeah. But at the time, no one listened to me"
Even though her voice is so wonderful? It's strange"
*giggle* Thank you. But that's just how it is. That's why I was really happy when you brought the music box with me.
No way... I was just turning the music box.
That makes me happy. More than anything, I'm happy that you're with me"
「I feel the same way. I'm happy to be with you, Shiona.」
...Hee hee. Thank you, Ray. You're starting to get really emotional"
Emotions? Me?
“Yes. Your expression is much richer than when we first met.”
That's what I wanted, what I wanted.
I've been craving this ever since I woke up.
Shiona's words fill my heart.
That's what she told me... that I, who was incomplete, was close to Shiona.
「I'm sure that's because you were smiling beside me.」
”Really? I didn't do anything.”
「No, it's because you're here. Thank you, I'm grateful.」
「If you're going to say that, then it's me too. Thank you, Ray.」
I should be the one thanking you.
I'm the one who... Hehe, that's strange. The two of us thanking each other all the time.
Yeah, you're right. I wonder what we're doing.
... But it's strange"
What's so funny"
Isn't it strange... that you think it'd be okay to keep going like this forever?
... No, not at all. I was thinking the same thing...
...Can I go over there"
Shiona sits down next to me.
At a distance where I can feel her warmth.
We're the closest we've ever been.
Huh...? I wonder what it is...
What's wrong"
My body feels kinda weird. My chest... It's throbbing.
Could it be that it broke down? It'd be a problem if it broke down so badly that it needed maintenance.
It's okay. I feel the same way. My heart's beating so fast.
Huh? A-Are you okay? Doesn't it hurt?
Yeah. This is a wonderful thing"
Shiona gently places her hand on mine as she shys away.
Softly, as if enveloping.
Responding to that, I turn my wrist. As if we're palms together... so that we can entwin our fingers.
I can feel Shiona's warmth even stronger.
And that warmth warms the depths of my chest.
My chest feels so warm... It's slowly...
“My breasts...? Here...?”
Shiona's hand reaches out to my chest.
The place I touched suddenly became hot.
「Your hand feels really hot...I wonder why. Maybe you're sick?」
No, that's not true"
「Do you know why, Shiona?」
Yeah, probably"
Tell me"
「Fufu... What should I do?」
「Don't be mean. I'm curious.」
Hmm... But this isn't just about Ray.
Something that gets hot"
Yes, that's right. Right now, my chest feels really hot"
「Shiona's the same?」
Yeah, the same. It might be worse than Ray's.
”That's terrible! What can I do to heal you?”
”No, I can't... I don't have to.”
It's so hot and cuuute in my chest. It hurts, it hurts, but it's warm... That's all right. That's all I want, Ray.
Shiona's hand feels a little hot.
I hold her hand back.
ray, please.
I want you to be with me forever"
Yeah... Will you stay with me forever"
Yeah... I promise.
Thank you, Ray. I'm so happy... I'm so, so happy...
Shiona rests her head on my chest.
I felt like that was filling my heart.
It was similar to the feeling of joy I'd felt before, but stronger than that.
I wonder what Humans call this.
I wanted to ask Shiona, but I thought it would be rude to interrupt her mood.
That's why, just like that... I surrender myself to Shiona and time.
The sweet-smelling tea on the table. We stayed like that until the steam disappeared.
The next day, after breakfast, I was getting ready to go out.
Shiona calls out to me while I'm washing the dishes.
I thought I'd go to the library"
”Are you going to the library...to see Tee hee?”
Yeah, that's what I plan to do"
I'm sure you're still in the middle of overcoming it. So let's leave it be"
Yeah... But thinking about how lonely I'd be if I couldn't overcome it, I just couldn't leave her alone"
Just like how Shiona was with me yesterday and felt warm, I think I can support her just by being near her.
「Don't worry. You're not that weak, Tippy.」
You think so..."
Yeah, I'm sure. More importantly, Ray, I have a favor to ask. Why don't we go to the plaza today?
”In the plaza? Why?”
I thought I'd take the music box and sing again"
Yeah, sad things happened, right? So it's important to rest your feelings.
Can I... rest..."
I'm sure the townsfolk feel the same way after the funeral. So don't you want to cheer up everyone's feelings"
... To the whole town? Of course I think so.
It's hard to look at her sad face.
If I could, I'd like to help her recover from that sadness.
That's our melody. I'm sure the town will cheer up"
I see... I guess so"
Yeah, I'm sure you're right. Come on, let's get ready.
At Shiona's urging, I reach for the music box.
The music box, which I maintain every day, is ready to play music at any time.
We left for the plaza.
It's early afternoon in the cloudy sky.
There were hardly any people around.
「There's no one here, Shiona.」
「It's always like this at this time. Before Ray came.」
Before I came...?
I told you, didn't I? Ever since Ray started playing music, everyone's been listening to me. The people in town have been changing little by little. They've been going out more and more, and they've been interacting with each other more. It feels like they're getting closer to each other"
Is it because... I came?
Yes, I think so. Ever since Ray arrived, the people in town have changed. In a good direction, of course.
Those words made me very happy.
I'm standing in someone's shoes.
That fact won't stop me from enjoying myself.
ray, you look happy.
Yeah. You're smiling"
My cheek?
Yeah, look—"
Shiona's fingertips touch my cheek.
That alone warms the depths of my heart again.
「My face feels kinda hot.」
Ray, are you embarrassed? Ahaha.
My face gets even hotter.
It seems Shiona was right on the money.
「Well then, Ray, shall we begin?」
Yeah, are you ready"
Anytime you want"
Shiona slowly closes her eyes.
I felt like I wanted to keep looking at her beautiful face forever.
But at the same time, I want to hear Shiona's voice.
That's why I slowly started turning the music box's handle.
Shiona's voice echoes in the melody.
The two melodies untied, and a beautiful melody resounded throughout the area.
Soon, people began to gather.
At first, the people looked a little gloomy, but they gradually regained their smiles.
And before I knew it, there was a big circle of smiles spread out in the plaza.
Child in town A
Town Person A
Town Person B
Town Person C
Town Person D
Various people's smiles and words were flying about.
Yeah, this is it.
This is what I was looking for.
The people looked like they were having fun.
Every time I see that smile, the joy grows.
I was sad that that girl wasn't in that circle.
The blue girl in the library.
A girl who never visited this place.
The girl who was still holed up in the library.
All I could think about was that girl.
Shiona's voice brought me back to my senses.
Sorry, I was just thinking about something.
I see... Everyone's already gone home"
Looking around, there were a lot of people in such a large circle.
I've been lost in thought for a very long time.
What were you thinking about"
“Mm... No... It's nothing...”
”Would you like me to guess? It's about Tippie, right?”
She sees right through me. That's why I nod obediently.
... Yeah, that's right"
I knew it... Do you really want to know?
Yeah, I'm curious. She's still so young"
A small child, huh...? That's true"
Besides, I'm always alone. Of course I'm lonely"
But it's always been like this. I'm used to it now"
That's not true"
「Didn't Shiona say something about how the people in town have changed since I came here?」
Yeah, you're right...
Then I want you to change too, Tippy. It's not good to be lonely"
I told her to return what she had taught me.
Upon hearing those words, Shiona's smile clouded slightly.
She looked in the direction of the library, closed her mouth for a moment, then turned back to me with a smile.
ray, let's go home.
It's going to rain this afternoon. Come on, let's go home... Okay? I'll make you some fluffy white soup.
Pulled by Shiona's hand, I half-forcibly leave the plaza.
It happened a few hours later.
I was about to leave the house when Shiona called out to me again.
”Um, I just wanted to read a book...”
If you're looking for books, there's a few that Onii-chan was reading"
That's not what I mean... Umm, I'm sure it's in a genre we don't have here.
What kind of genre is it"
「It's a machine book. I got interested in it after I fixed Mad-san's.」
I see. I'm glad you're interested in something.
Yeah, thanks. That's why I'm going to the library"
Doesn't that have to be today"
Yeah, the sooner the better. I want to read it as soon as possible"
But it's going to rain soon, you know"
「It doesn't matter if it's raining or not.」
But you might get your book wet, you know?
Don't worry, I'll bring my bag"
Hmm... In that case, I'll go and borrow it for you.
Huh? No, it's fine. I'll go myself.
No, it's okay. I just happened to be doing some shopping, so I'll go along with that.
Saying that, Shiona went back to her room.
I wonder why.
I feel like Shiona's trying to keep me away from the library.
No, that's not it.
I'm sure it'd be more accurate to say it to Tippy.
I don't know what that means, but it seems she doesn't want me to see her.
Shiona says it calmly, but I can tell how she feels.
But why on earth would she do that?
「I'm ready, Ray. What kind of books should I borrow?」
You probably won't understand even if I tell you, so I'll go with you.
「No, I'm fine. Take it easy, Ray.」
Then... I'd like you to go borrow a book with electronic circuits"
Electric circuits, huh? Got it. I'll be off, then"
Shiona left.
A few minutes of waiting.
I can't even see Shiona anymore.
I put my hand on the door leading outside.
...That’s strange.
The door isn't locked.
But that door never opened.
It was as if a bolt had been bolted from the outside.
――Perhaps that was the case.
When Shiona left, she locked the door so that I wouldn't notice.
That's why I can't get out of this door.
――But why?
――For what purpose?
I returned to the living room, clutching my head.
When I look at the table, there's a piece of paper on it.
It's a letter from Shiona.
To Ray.
I'm sure he was surprised to find it locked.
Do you remember telling me that a nearby town was attacked?
That's why, as a precaution, I'll lock the door.
I'll leave the house to you.
Dinner is served with soup and bread.
Please warm it up and eat it.
don't ever go outside.
That dead young man had also told me about the repeatedly plundering Humans.
Maybe that Human is near here.
If that's the case, it's dangerous to go outside.
I see. So Shiona was worried about me.
But if that's the case, it'd be dangerous for Shiona to go outside.
Maybe I should have gone shopping as a man.
I can't lie to her......
It's true that there are Humans who loot.
Even so, would it be necessary to lock the door from the outside?
In fact, if it's locked from the outside, it's possible to unlock it from the outside.
Entering the house will be easier.
――That’s strange.
If he had been really wary of the Humans looting, he wouldn't have sung in the plaza yesterday.
She wouldn't have gone out of her way to gather people.
If so, why?
There's only one thing I can think of.
She locked me in.
so we can't get near tippy.
There's no way Shiona would do something like this without thinking.
There has to be a reason.
And I'm sure she's doing it for me.
...Could something have happened to her?
Maybe she's trying not to tell me that.
It's not good for me......so that I won't know and be sad about it......
I couldn't stay standing or stay standing.
I want to see Tippy.I want to make sure.
The blue girl continues to cry alone in the library.
I wanted to wipe the girl's tears away.
I looked around the church.
There was a window at quite a high place.
I can climb up, but there's no guarantee I'll be able to get out and down.
But that's the only way out of here.
Suddenly, a white cloth caught my eye.
The curtains swayed in the wind.
There were many of them in the room, and they were long, big, and sturdy to cover the large windows.
I took the curtains off all the windows.
There was no sign of sunlight pouring down from the dark clouds in the sky.
After tying the five curtains together on the table, it became quite long.
It's long enough to go down to the first floor.
I tied the end of the curtain to the lattice of the window.
I wind it up several times to see how strong it is.
it's okay. it's okay.
I should be able to support myself.
I tied the other end of the curtain to myself.
She steeled herself and leaned out the window.
The ground you can see from there is very far away.
I could feel my consciousness fading, but I couldn't pull away from here.
I grasp the curtains and slowly lower my body.
A strong wind shook me on the way.
While my body was pendulum-moving, I clung to the curtains with all my might.
A few minutes wait for the wind to let up.
I take a deep breath and resume my work.
It probably took me ten minutes to finally reach the ground.
My body was so exhausted that it felt like I was about to fall on the spot.
But I don't have time to rest here.
I set off for the blue girl's library.
It began to rain quietly, as if to disturb my feelings.
As if to quench the thirst of the town, its force gradually increases.
I don't have an umbrella, so I walk forward without fear of getting wet.
Her wet clothes clung to my bare skin, bringing me disgust.
Covering my glove-covered right hand, I evaded the rain.
A puddle of water began to form at my feet, and distant thunder began to be heard.
Every now and then, rough breathing would bring rain water to my mouth.
In contrast to her burning body, the cold rain hit her from the outside.
As the rain of rusty flavor pours out of my mouth, I finally arrive.
The blue girl is waiting in the library alone.
It's dark inside, and there's no light leaking out.
I wonder if she's still buried in that dark sea of books?
Just the thought of that made my heart ache.
I enter the entrance and head deeper into the blue girl's waiting room.
“So you're here...”
A voice came from deep inside.
It wasn't Tippie's.
The one who kept me away from here――
Didn't I tell you in my letter that you can't go outside because it's dangerous? Maybe you haven't seen it?
No, I saw it"
「I see... So you knew. You're a bad girl, Ray.」
I can hear Shiona's laughter.
But I can't really see her expression in the dimly lit building.
Why did you lock me up?
“I can't believe I locked you up... But that's how it turned out. I'm sorry.”
You have a reason, don't you? If you don't mind, could you tell me"
”A reason...? The reason is simple. I don't want you to see me.”
You don't want me to see you..."
To the blue girl up ahead"
”To Tippy? Why?”
I can't say that. It's top secret"
Wait, I don't understand what you're saying. Why can't I see Tippie?
”That's because...I can't.”
”That's not a good reason! Tell me.”
I can't tell you why"
I couldn't help but speak up.
At the same time, I realize that my chest is bright red and hot.
I wonder if this is anger.
Am I mad at Shiona...?
That wasn't my intention. I just wanted her to tell me the truth.
But, what I said just now seemed to upset Shiona.
I can't see her expression clearly in the darkness, but the atmosphere she's conveying has changed.
The atmosphere was hesitant to say anything.
Shiona opened her mouth a little and tried to say something... but she stopped herself.
Then, she pulled her chin back as if hanging her head, and let out a whisper.
”It's because you'll be unhappy.”
Unhappily? Who"
「......I wonder......if Ray and I......everyone who lives in this town.」
The people in town? By meeting us? I don't know what they're talking about.
You might not understand right now, but I'm sure you'll regret it.
「Why do you regret it? Hey, Shiona, tell me clearly. I'm not smart, so I don't know. If you don't tell me clearly...」
In other words, something like this...
The sound of boots.
Shiona approaches me through the gloomy entrance.
The next moment, I felt warmth.
And softness.
Shiona hugs me tightly.
「Shiona...eh? Wh-what...?」
Please, Ray... Why don't you go home with me?
”As it is...? What is the meaning of this?”
「It's not good for you two to meet. To be precise, it's not good for you to see each other. That's why...」
Did I make you angry, by any chance? Is that why you don't want to see me?
No, it's the other way around. You love Ray.
“In that case...”
That's why I can't see you. Please understand"
She tightens her grip on my hips.
A sweet smell engulfed my whole body, making my head spin.
「......is that Shiona's wish?」
Yes, that's right. It's a request from my heart.
「What would you think, Shiona?」
It's very, very sad. I think it'll be blue and stinging"
「Why? Why do you think that?」
Shiona takes her face away from me and looks up at me......
She spoke boldly.
「Ray...... Because I love you.」
“L... love...?”
At those words, I almost stopped thinking.
A sweet sigh.
Her lips and lips felt like they were about to touch.
A hand wrapped around my waist.
I touch her body heat.
We were so close to each other.
And those words just now.
It's just two words combined, but it's filled with deep emotions.
Those words filled my heart with incredible force.
felt pleasure more than ever before."
To be needed by someone. To be given a certain amount of emotion by a certain someone.
I don't know any more joy than this.
And now, I'm trying to obtain that pleasure.
I wrap my exhausted arm around Shiona's back.
Shiona will accept it.
Warmth fills my chest.
「Shiona, I...」
「Yeah, Ray. I know. So let's go home...」
She's holding Shiona's hand.
I turned around and moved my feet to the entrance to the library.
「......thank you, Ray. But this is fine. This is for Ray's sake.」
Shiona's words make me feel uncomfortable.
Shiona called out to me, as I suddenly stopped walking.
「Shiona, didn't you just say it was for my sake?」
Yeah, I did say that"
「You're wrong, Shiona.」
wrong? what's wrong with you, ray?
If it's for my sake, then this isn't it.
No, I'm not. I'm doing this for Ray's sake.
No. I'm happy that I can be useful to someone. I'm here to help someone. But right now, I'm trying to disappear from the people who can. That's not my pleasure, and it's not for me. In that case, who am I doing this for?
Shiona, I'm going to go see Tippie. That's for no one's sake, for my own sake. If this makes anyone unhappy, it's my fault. But even if that happens, I won't stop. That's the result I wished for.
I let go of Shiona's hand and charge through the entrance again.
Shiona's voice won't reach my back.
Shiona just stares at me with a sad expression.
We passed through the rain-smelling entrance and walked deeper into the library.
I could feel the moisture from the soles of my shoes being sucked into the carpet as I walked.
The dry library air coils around my wet skin.
I couldn't help but feel sick.
Maybe it has something to do with the fact that Shiona broke up with me earlier.
My chest hurts, and it feels like I've swallowed something heavy.
Shiona's face passes through my head again and again.
All of them had sad smiles on their faces.
Why did this have to happen?
Why did I do this?
Waves of regret washed over me.
But I couldn't let her rest her legs.
――That girl is in the back.
The girl who was always alone.
She was always a blue girl.
The girl who was always crying.
I couldn't leave that girl alone.
That's why I'm walking down this hallway.
There was a painting on the wall of the hallway.
The pictures that Tippy writes a day by day.
There was a girl drawn on a brand new piece of paper.
I know who the girl is right away.
There was a small girl drawn on a large piece of paper.
Tears were running down her cheeks.
All of the recent paintings had the same composition.
The picture of a lonely girl crying.
When I see the picture, my chest hurts.
The girl was always alone.
I felt like I could understand that sadness.
I want to wipe away that sadness as soon as possible.
i wanted to tell you you weren't alone.
I wanted to say that I was there for her.
I drag my wet shoes down the long hallway.
While looking at the painting on top of the wall, I move forward.
At that moment, something felt wrong.
It wasn't because of the painting.
The problem is the number of pictures.
No matter how you look at it, Tippy is a young girl.
If she was painting every day, would she really be able to write this many pictures?
...Maybe there were days when I wrote a few sheets a day.
Even so, the number of pictures in this painting was unthinkable.
Was the girl that lonely?
Maybe she had nothing else to do but paint.
Ahh, why did I leave her all alone?
I wonder how much I've made her cry.
The girl in the picture was shedding more tears every day.
It's like the girl's sadness is getting deeper and deeper.
I hurried.
To the girl who must be crying alone in the back.
To soothe that sadness.
And to wipe away those tears.
To hold the girl.To hold her body with both hands.
I walked as fast as I could, heading for the deepest part of the library.
The girl, who should have been there all the time, wasn't there.
The teddy bear I've been keeping close to me all day and night isn't there either.
All I had was a half-finished painting and a crayon.
In the half-finished painting, there was a crying girl all alone.
――Where did Teehee go?
I searched the bookshelf, but couldn't find her anywhere.
I wonder if he's somewhere in this library?
Or outside this library?
I don't know the truth.
We won't know for sure until we find Teehee.
I started walking.
I searched the bookshelf for the blue girl.
The vast library wasn't suitable for searching for people.
On top of that, it was dark.
I couldn't search just by looking at the bookshelf.
One step at a time, I'll have to check with my own two feet.
I walk through the bookshelves from the back of the library toward the entrance.
Before I knew it, her wet clothes had started to dry.
And then, when her hair was completely dry.
At last, I found the girl.
The girl was riding a large stepladder, lining up the books on the shelf.
The girl lives in this library, and she's also a librarian.
She must have returned the book to its original place like this.
That's harsh for this little girl.
The thousands of bookshelves in this library were piled up and lined up to reach the ceiling.
I don't even want to think about how many books I have.
The girl must be managing such a large number of books every day like this.
Only one person in this library.
When I thought about that, for some reason, I couldn't help but feel a tight feeling in the depths of my heart.
She stretches out on top of the stepladder and returns a book bigger than her face to the shelf.
After finishing the work and taking a breath, tippy turns to me.
「......Ray! ......Wah, wawawawa......」
Noticing my presence, tippy lost her balance on top of the stepladder.
”Watch out, Tippy!”
The fallen stepladder.
She extends her hand to me.
Responding to her hand, I reach out both of my hands.
A shock runs from my chest to my back.
Before I know it, I'm lying on the floor from behind, holding her close to my chest.
「Ray...you came, Ray...!!」
She's been rubbing her cheeks against mine over and over again.
From relief, I patted Tippy's head.
Her soft hair welcomed my hand in.
”Tippie, are you hurt anywhere? Are you hurt?”
「Yeah, I'm fine! Is there anywhere you want to go, Ray?」
I'm fine. Thanks for worrying about me.
I love you, Ray... for saving me"
The little girl's hand gripped my clothes.
I felt a bit of warmth and a wet sensation in my chest.
Teehee is crying.
But, it looked like a different kind of tears than usual.
I'm sure they're tears of relief.
Because I'm here, I'm sure I'll be able to lighten your mood a little.
Thinking that, joy ran through me.
”Tippie, you were reading a book. Isn't it great? Isn't it great?”
Yeah, she's great. She's a really good girl"
Hey, pet me. I'm a good girl, so pat me on the head"
Yeah... You're a good girl, Tippie"
I stroke her silky hair.
Yay... Ray's patting my head. I'm so happy"
Do you always line up your books"
Yeah. It's just cucumbers. I want a lot of people to read it"
I looked up at the bookshelf.
Indeed, some of the books were quite old-fashioned.
Some are worn-out or discolored on the spine.
So you're repairing these......?
I remember getting the book wet from the rain.
If you treat her roughly, you'll end up doing more work for her like this.
I swore from the bottom of my heart to treat her with care.
I sat up and leaned against a nearby bookshelf.
Sorry I'm late"
「It's okay... Ray, you came like this.」
Are you okay by yourself"
No... I was really, really lonely"
Were you crying"
Yeah... Yeah, yeah...
She presses her face against my chest.
I could hear sobbing from time to time.
It's okay. We'll be together forever.
“Forever? Will you stay with Teehee, Ray?”
Yeah, that's right. I'll try to make sure you can come to the library as much as possible.
“Would you join me?”
Tee hee. She looks up.
Large teardrops filled her eyes.
「That's a little difficult. Shiona's taking care of me right now.」
But I'll come every day. You're not lonely, are you"
Yeah... But I really miss you"
Night, huh...
「It's dark, and quiet... and Tippy, sometimes I get the feeling that I might be alone in the world.」
That's not true. That's not true...
All I could do was hold her tight.
There's a sweet smell coming from Tippy.
It's different from Shiona's. It smells sweet.
Yeah, I know... I'm just happy that you're doing this for me. Right, Ray? Can I ask you"
Yeah, what is it, Tippy"
Will you help me out"
Yeah... Of course, it's no problem"
I stand up and hold hands with Teehee.
I walked around the library, pushing the cart with several books in it.
Next is... a book called Philosophy of the Mind and the Body 」"
In that case, it's the third from the top, the third from the top, and the thirteenth from Migi.
With the title of the book, Tippie spoke of the place in no time.
It was as if she knew all the books in this library.
There was definitely a gap between the books in the place where I was told.
I put it in, and it settled down perfectly.
Tee hee hee hee hee hee.
She confidently pointed out the location of the book.
Interested, I decided to ask a bit of a mean-spirited question.
”Hey, Tee hee, can I ask you something?”
Do you remember the beginning of this novel"
She held out a very old-fashioned novel.
Teepi stared at the title and began to read aloud, as if she were reading a book inside her head.
『Looking down, there's a five-story high place. There's a cream-colored brick spread right next to the school building, and it looks like it'll feel good if you take a walk on the sidewalk. There's a flowerbed right next to it, and you can see colorful flowers even from this height. If I throw myself away from here, will all of the cream and flowers be stained with my filthy blood"
Every word, without a doubt, tippy read it out loud.
It matched the handwriting in the novel perfectly.
Could it be that you remember all the books here"
”Hmm... I don't know.”
Then, what about this book"
She glanced at the book she held out, and recited it as if it were a flow.
There are about 206 bones that make up the human body, from the head to the occipital bone, frontal bone, temporal bone, frontal bone, top of the head, butterfly bone, sieve bone, hammer bone, kinuta bone, stirbone, lower nasal bone, upper nasal bone, tear bone, nasal bone, spade bone, upper jaw bone, uvula bone, zygomatic bone, lower jaw bone, tongue bone, connected to the neck, spreading to thoracic vertebra, lumbar vertebra, senshii, tail vertebra, ribs, and chest bone"
... Then what's this"
hand out a handwritten book with Enshu Daizen written on it."
How did this Mukonshi theory begin?"
“‘All things are finite, and even souls are no exception. Children born after their souls have run dry must be a soulless vessel, Edward Morg.’”
tippy memorized all the books here.
But, why?
Even if you have incredible memorization skills, you need to read these books first.
Even if I keep reading it every day, I'll never be able to fully read the sea of books.
I wonder what this is all about...
ray, what's wrong?
No, it's nothing. Now, let's finish the next book"
There's no point in thinking about why I can't find an answer.
For now, let's focus on helping Teddy with his work.
After putting all the books back on the shelf, we sat down at the usual spot.
ray, thank you for taking care of me.
Teehee is spoiling me more than usual.
Is this a reaction I've never seen before?
The sight of her approaching me was cute and adorable.
It's okay, Tee hee. You usually do it alone, don't you"
Yeah... I'll always be alone. I'll miss you"
... How long have you been alone"
That might have been a forbidden question.
Teehee looked up at me sadly.
You've been alone for a while now"
And then, Tippy told me.
A sad story, up until the time when Teehee was alone.
Papa, hold on"
That was back when Tippie's parents were still in the library.
I loved the girl.
I loved my kind mother and father.
Her mother was always smiling, and gently hugged Tippy.
My father was always looking at the two while sorting through the books.
”You're as spoiled as ever, Tippy.”
My father took out an electronic book terminal from his desk.
「Oh, that's right. You like this one better, don't you?」
She puts away the electronic terminal with a wry smile and takes out a 'book' made of paper.
The technology of printing has gone out of fashion, and it's a valuable cultural artifact now.
”Come on, Tippie.”
Her mother called for her on her lap, and she sat down happily.
And on top of that, there was a teddy bear that my parents had picked out for me.
Every day was fun for Tippy.
The days I spent with my beloved mother and father were fun.
And there were days when I didn't feel happy.
The mother always praised the picture that Tippy had painted.
I'm sure he'll be an artist in the end. Dad, you're proud of him"
His father always had hope for Tippy's future.
I wish that day would continue forever.
I want the three of us to be together forever.
that's what tippy always thought.
Before I knew it, the frowns on my parents' brows had increased.
I didn't like that look on Tippy's face.
The town is also in a hurry.
All the adults were talking about something.
But young Tippie didn't know what that meant.
I'm just starting to get worried that I'm going to break down.
One day, the phone rang.
That sound sounded very sad to Tippy.
He furrows his brow when he answers the phone.
That's the expression that Tippy doesn't like.
The father who put down the phone was talking to his mother about something.
After a while, the conversation ends up being quarrelled.
They were arguing about something.
The only thing I know is that it's very sad to see those two arguing.
”Tippie, will you listen to me?”
A little while later, her mother looked at Tippy with a meek look on her face.
Behind her was her father――and her packed luggage.
She knew instinctively that her life up until now wouldn't last.
Something terrible is happening in the world right now"
「There's a lot of people who've been through scary things and haven't been able to sleep. You don't like that, do you, Tippy?」
There are children all over the world who think that way. Mom wants to help them if possible"
”Yes... I knew you'd say that, Tippy... So, Tippy, I have something important to tell you. You don't have to understand, so listen carefully.”
The truth is, in order to save Mom, Dad, and the children, I had to go far away. Even if we went, it might not be able to change the situation... But there's a possibility.
“No. It’s farther away. It’ll take days or weeks to get there.”
Her father stopped her as she tried to head to her room.
”There's no need for you to prepare for your trip, Tippie.”
”That's not it... The truth is, Tippie, Mom and Dad are going to that place by themselves.”
”Two...? Where's Tippie...?”
Our parents looked at each other.
His parents were making sad faces.Tippie felt something.
At that moment, tears began to flow.
”I'm sorry, Tippy. I can't do that.”
Mom and Dad are going to a very dangerous place. I don't want to take you to such a dangerous place. Mom and Dad both care about you.
No... No, no... I'm cumming too"
My parents gently embraced Tippy.
”I'm sorry, Tippy... But Mom and Dad still have to go.”
”I'm sorry, Tee hee... It'll be fine. He'll be back soon.”
I'm sure... I'll be back soon, so I won't miss you...
「Tippie, you're a good girl, so watch over the house. And show us your paintings again.」
“Yeah, that’s right. I draw pictures one by one every day. What I saw, heard, learned, felt. Tell me when we get back.”
That's right. I'll write a lot of books on my travels, too. I'll come back to tell you about that"
Yeah, it's absolute and absolute. I promise, so...
The three of us hugged each other.
I don't know how long it'll last, but in order to heal that parting...
How much time had passed since then?
As her father told her, she kept painting.
Every time I draw a picture, it's stuck to the wall. I try to draw attention to it as soon as my parents get back.
What I saw......
What I heard......
What I know......
What I felt......
But before long, it was filled with feelings for my parents.
I want you to hug me, I want you to stroke my head, I want you to call me by my name, I want to see you... quickly...
My heart was turning blue.
The girl continued painting, tears streaming down her cheeks...
While shedding drops of blue sadness, Tippy told me about her sad past.
Her small shoulders were trembling faintly.
The girl's eyes are filled with sadness.
I don't know how much of that sadness is measured.
It's probably because I've never felt so much sadness.
That's why I can't understand how Tippy feels.
I should be able to heal that sadness.
By hugging her small body.
I'm sure of it.
I lean against the wall and sit down, Tippy.
I reach for her slender body.
When I touch her shoulder, tippy's body jumps slightly.
It wasn't rejection.
She was just a little surprised by my sudden actions in the dark.
”It's all right, Tippy. It's all right.”
hey, won't ray disappear from teddy's life?
Yeah, she won't disappear"
”Why don't we leave him alone?”
Yeah, I won't leave you alone"
”Wouldn't you like to make Tippy sad?”
Yeah, I won't let you be lonely"
”Can't you get rid of Tippy?”
Yeah, I won't make you sad"
”Will you take good care of Tippy?”
Yeah, I'll love you"
”Would you give me a hand with Tee hee?”
Okay, I'll hug you"
”Would you pick up Tippy?”
Okay, I'll carry you"
”Would you stroke my head for me?”
Okay, I'll pet it"
”Will you hold my hand for me?”
Yeah, we'll hold hands"
”Will you stay with me forever, Tippie?”
Tippy's eyes glowed faintly in the darkness.
Her shoulder, which I had touched, was so warm that it was almost too hot.
I pull her close to me――
「Oh, you're getting along well.」
The voice that resounded in the darkness didn't belong to the girl trying to soothe her sadness.
It's Shiona's. We parted ways at the entrance.
Before I knew it, Shiona was standing beside me.
With a bright smile on her face, Shiona walks straight towards us.
But it's also a problem if they're too close. They're at the same age, after all"
Shiona stopped me from reaching out to Tippy.
N-...No"
The face of Tippy, who had yearned for that arm, twisted with sadness.
I reflexively raised my voice to Shiona.
「Shiona, what are you doing!?」
What's wrong? You're so excited. You need to think about how to get along with girls your age.
That's not what I mean. You're sad... I'm trying to help you feel better.
”Are you sad? About what?”
”To my parents, who haven't come home yet! You've always been alone, Tippy. You've always been lonely!”
That's reality, so it can't be helped"
Oh well. What do you mean by that?
Shiona walks up to Tippie.
And then, I looked at Tippy, who was a little sad.
”Tippie? I'm sorry, but you've always been alone, haven't you? You've always been and always will be.”
Still smiling, she spoke in her usual tone.
「Shiona, what are you saying...?」
”You know too, don't you? Mom and Dad aren't coming back.”
「Shiona......stop...saying such cruel things......」
”You're aware of it, aren't you? You just don't want to admit it.”
...No... No... No"
”Both your mother and father...”
「......Shiona......stop......」
Just die already~"
「Stoooooooooop!!」
A voice resounded throughout the library.
My whole body was getting hot.
My breathing became rough, and I felt a pain in the back of my head.
Her teeth, which had been bitten, were also groaning.
I can barely stand in front of my eyes.
And at the same time, I was convinced.
My chest was red and stinging. The feeling that Mad-san always had.
was the feeling of angry"
I'm angry at the unreasonableness that's taking place right in front of me.
Right now, the hope of the blue girl has been cut off.
Tippie was hurt by Shiona's heartless words.
Teehee is crying in a voiceless voice.
Her face is all messed up.
She turned her sadness into a large drop, and poured it onto her cheek.
Her childish body, earnestly, speaks of bottomless sadness.
Shiona drove the finishing blow even further.
I mean, you`re right. How long do you think your mom and dad haven`t come home?
”You paint every day, don't you? How many have you done?”
“Stop...”
Wouldn't it make you sad if you did it every day? How many more pictures do you think your parents will have left"
「Stop...it...」
No matter how much you cry, it's useless. Tears only flow to comfort yourself. Just because they flow doesn't change anything.
...Please don't"
“That’s just self-satisfaction. If you cry, someone will be kind to you, so you’re crying. That’s just running away from reality.”
「......please......stop......」
Let`s get this over with. Mom and Dad aren`t coming back. Never again. You`ll never be able to see Mom and Dad again, Tippy.
Also, let me tell you something. Ray's only here because he sympathizes with you. It's not like Mom and Dad have any love for you. It's just that pity is binding him here. Do you understand? You're always alone.
Stop"
An angry voice resounded.
The voice echoing against the wall stopped,and only Tippie's sobbing voice remained.
She looks up at Shiona with vacant eyes.
It felt like the light that had been in there until a little while ago had disappeared.
ray, pampering and comforting are two different things.
That's not true... That's not true...
「Rei, you have to accept reality too. Tippie's parents are no longer in this world.」
“No... That's not true...”
”If that's the case, then why haven't you even contacted me? Have you even written a letter to the person you love so much?”
Well... I'm sure I'm too busy to call you...
If you know that the other person is worried about you, then I won't waste that much time. Especially if it's your beloved child. If you don't have that, then that means――
「Stop...stop it, please...」
”--Tippie's mom and dad are already dead.”
I froze.
Shiona's tone is the same as usual, and her smile is the same as usual.
I wish she'd just said it in a cold voice.
I couldn't think of anything else to say to that abnormal atmosphere.
Shiona's face looks like she's smiling.
「Tippie-chan, your family only has Mom and Dad. But those two won't come back. So no matter how much you're with someone, you can't truly be satisfied. Even if you're with Ray, you can't be a family. That's an irreplaceable fact. You'll always be alone.」
Shiona turns around and heads to the entrance.
In the middle of that, she turns to me.
But she's still staring at the floor.
「Ray...it's all for your sake」
With that, Shiona left the library.
Inside the building, it's quiet.
Right now, I don't even hear Tippy's sobbing anymore.
I was furious at Shiona's behavior, and I was exhausted.
I can't even stand up.
But I can't just leave her alone like this.
The girl probably thinks so.
I'm all alone in the world.
that we have to live in solitude.
I didn't want you to think like that.
I wanted her to know I wasn't alone.
My feelings for Tippy weren't pity.
It wasn't pity at all.
I thought about it over and over again.
Over and over again, as if persuading herself.
I reach out for her shoulder.
I embrace her slender shoulders.
At first, Tippy's body jumped in surprise, but she calmed down to my chest.
She's pressing her face against mine, holding back her voice as she sheds tears.
I stroked her trembling shoulders over and over again.
If there's anything I can do to dispel the sadness I feel in this small body...
I don't know how long I've been doing that.
We're sitting next to each other.
After a while, I lost my sense of time.
Tippy slowly got up and walked off, as if searching for something.
tippy doesn't answer.
It's a sketchbook and crayon.
The two of them returned to me.
I sit down, leaning my back against my stomach.
She doesn't answer again.
Instead, I flipped through the pages.
With a brand new page on the canvas, tippy picks up a crayon.
And then, without hesitation, I ran a crayon through the drawing paper.
She's drawing a cute picture of her age.
The first painting to be drawn was of a blue girl.
There are tear marks on her cheek.
Her eyes were filled with red.
I gently caressed her head.
She looks down again and runs a crayon on the drawing paper.
It looks like I'm the next to be drawn.
Her hand is on the girl's head.
It's like she's gently stroking my head.
And then――
It was Shiona.
A short distance away, she looks at the girl with a scary face.
That's Shiona for you, Tippy.
Even from my point of view, the Shiona in front of Tippy is like a picture.
Why did Shiona do something like that?
Shiona said so.
It's all for my sake.
I don't know what that means.
No, I didn't want to know.
Even though I made you cry, I don't know what it means for my sake.
Will I be able to make someone unhappy and make myself happy?
No, that can't be right.
That shouldn't have happened.
As if to drown out the words of Shiona clinging to my ear, I embrace Tippie.
Her voice was fading faintly.
But deep down, I felt a little happy.
I thought as I looked at the picture.
Maybe this is the way to avoid her sadness in her own way.
It is said that people dream at the end of the day.
It is said to be to organize the memories of the events of that day.
Maybe that's what this painting looks like to you, Tippy.
What happened that day――
Everything, including the good and the bad, was painted in a picture.
By doing that, she might be able to sort out her memories and calm down her mind.
In fact, Tippy's expression has softened a little.
The more the painting progresses, the more the sadness dies down.
It was as if she was handing over the sadness to the painting.
Tippy stood up and pulled me by the hand.
Pulling me along by the hand, I end up on a wall with paintings all over it.
It is said that he writes a picture a day by day.
The number of paintings was enormous.
Tee hee hee put the painting on the very end.
There's another one of Tippie's paintings.
The picture on the wall felt like a diary showing the loneliness of this girl.
She must have spent all her time on this story when she was alone.
This sad story, I've always been alone....
Thinking that, I felt something welling up in my chest.
Her eyes were filled with sorrow, and I found myself at a loss for words.
Instead of answering, I pull her close to me.
After a while, I could hear her quiet breathing.
I compare the diary with the one on the wall.
Could this picture book be the very heart of Tippy?
I fell asleep while thinking about that.
The church where I live.
I'm standing in front of a familiar white door.
I pushed the door open with both hands.
The chapel that followed us inside was enveloped in an astonishing silence.
No, it wasn't completely silent.
It's because her quiet sobbing voice reached my ears.
I plunged into the chapel.
And then, without a moment's delay, I confronted that person.
He's a person who's always smiling.
It was Shiona.
Shiona's shoulders are trembling and she's crying.
I couldn't hide my surprise at that.
――Why was she crying?
I didn't understand the reason.
But it's true that Shiona's crying right in front of me.
Those tears are not a lie.
Even so, I couldn't do anything.
...No, that’s not true.
There's gotta be something I can do.
I reach out my hand.
My fingertips reach out to Shiona's eyes.
I don't think I can stop those tears.
But I can wipe away those tears.
That's all I can do, but...
I extend my finger to the large droplet.
My hand stopped on the way.
My fingertips are made of machines.
His outstretched index finger had a luster characteristic of metal....
That's right.
I had forgotten.
No, I just wanted to forget.
I'm not Human.
he's a created existence.
I wonder why.
Am I not allowed to wipe the tears of those dear to me?
Shiona cried.
She's still crying.
I wonder if it's the sadness that Shiona has never shown me.
But I can't stop those endless tears from flowing.
Then why am I here?
I wonder what I can do for Shiona if I stay here.
I couldn't find the answer.
I couldn't move my outstretched hand any more....
――Right after that, a dissonant sound of scraping metal resounded throughout the area.
The deafening sound of it resounded intermittently.
Just as I thought that, my outstretched fingertips――
The piece crumbles and falls to the floor.
The collapse that begins with my fingertips increases the palm, wrist, arm, and shoulder of my hand.
All the parts in my body were crumbling down.
Eventually, it became difficult for me to even stand there, and I fell to the floor.
My legs, my torso, were becoming scrap.
Rubbish piles up around me.
I was unable to speak, and had no choice but to accept the collapse.
Shiona's been crying all this time.
She's crying and holding her voice back.
I couldn't even reach out to the machines anymore.
It wasn't even my arms or fingers anymore.
The collapse ate away at my entire body, reaching all the way to my head.
I don't feel any pain.
She shouldn't feel it.
But......
I felt a pain in my chest, which should have been gone by now.
The last thing I saw as my vision faded was Shiona's sad expression and tears.
Before long, I'm just a metal――
It's become a mountain of scrap.
――That's when I wake up.
She was screaming something, but I couldn't remember it.
Her breathing was rough.
I hurriedly looked around.
A dark, dusty space.
The warm air coiled around me.
And the thick books lined up on the shelf.
This is the library.
I fell asleep yesterday, and it seems morning has arrived.
I hurriedly took off my gloves and checked my right hand.
It should have collapsed a moment ago, but it's still there.
But it's made of machines, just like in my dreams.
Before I knew it, Tippy had fallen asleep on my lap.
Her innocent sleeping face doesn't make me feel yesterday's sadness.
It looks like I was dreaming about what a Human would say.
When in sleep mode, you may catch a glimpse of past records in order to organize your memory areas.
But that was probably a prediction coming from experience and memory.
This possibility is hidden in the future... I guess it's been calculated.
Even so, what a sad thing to do.
I still haven't been able to calm down the murmurs in the depths of my heart.
Why is Shiona's tears shaking me so much?
And why am I so powerless?
I'm not the real one.
I knew that.
I thought I knew.
But I still want to make her laugh.
I want to make everyone in town laugh, Shiona, and even Tippie.
But I can't do that.
I can see the answer, but I don't want to admit it.
――That's because I'm the one who created it.
The only truth I can't resist.
But even so, I wished for it.
I want to make everyone around me smile.
And yet, that wish won't come true.
Shiona doesn't smile when I try to smile at her.
When I try to make Shiona smile, I can't wipe away her tears.
What a difficult task.
Isn't there any way to make everyone smile better?
While looking at Teepi's sad sleeping face, I thought about it again and again in the depths of my heart.
I stroke her head with my fingertips.
Her smooth hair passes through my fingertips without coiling around it.
A sweet smell spreads out.
“Mm... mmm...”
I wonder if she's having a dream.Tippie lets out a small voice.
My desire to protect that child's sleeping face grows stronger.
But how?
I was at a loss as I looked at the mechanical right hand and Tippy's face alternately.
I thought it would be nice if such a relaxed time could continue forever.
But that wasn't going to happen.
A strange sound resounded from far away.
The sound of footsteps echoed, as though several people were walking at exactly the same time.
And then, a faint scream resounded, and the sound of something breaking.
Those two things destroy even my small hopes.
I hurriedly put my glove on my right hand.
Wh-What... Ray, what is it...?
That abnormality woke Tippy up.
The uneasiness that hadn't been there before spreads across Tippy's face.
I don't know... But it looks like something happened.
Something ? Something"
I don't have any idea. But I do think it's a bad situation.
I stood up and pointed my toes at the library's corridor.
「......Ray? Where are you going?」
I'll go check up on her"
「No...don't go, Ray.」
Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere. I'm just going to go check on things on the roof for a little while.
“No... No...”
Tippy hugged him and cried.
She must have been reminded of her parents, who had disappeared.
”It's all right. It's all right, Tippy.”
N-...No"
「Have I ever broken a promise with you, Tippy?」
Yeah, that's right. That's what you always do when you say you're going to see her, right"
So don't worry. I'll see you from the roof and be right back.
... Got it. But please come back soon"
Yeah, of course"
I made a promise with Tippy and headed to the library's roof.
We reach the top of the long spiral staircase in front of an old, rusty door.
There's no longer any evidence that it's been used for a long time.
When I opened the door, a nasty sound resounded in my ears as it was rubbed.
I ignored her and pushed the door open.
......at the same time.
Something strange flew into my eyes.
Black smoke was rising from all over the town.
What sounded like a scream wasn't a misunderstanding. It was coming from the mouths of the people running away from something.
And what was chasing the people of that town were several figures wrapped in dirty cloaks.
Even though she was walking quietly with her gun still on hand, she was definitely cornering people who were running away with a good combo.
It was as if everything had been calculated.
The townspeople and the assailants are talking to each other.
The assailant nodded at each other, then pointed the barrel of the gun at the town's head.
And then, without showing any hesitation, she pulled her finger, which had been on the trigger.
With a dry sound, the townspeople trembled like their heads were about to burst, and collapsed on the spot......
That sound brought me back to my senses, and I understood the situation.
It's hard to believe... but this town seems to be under attack.
So Shiona was telling the truth......
I hurried back to the lobby.
Seeing me like that, tippy asked me anxiously.
「Ray... Did something happen? You're really scared.」
「......I don't really get it, but...... um...... something bad is happening......」
I'm at a loss for words. I can't tell Tippie what I saw.
Something bad? What do you mean?
”I think...this town is under attack.”
”No...Tippie, I'm scared...”
“It’s fine, it’s far away. It’s safe here, so calm down.”
...Yeah... But what are we going to do?
「I..., I'm going to go see what's going on」
I was worried about the town, but more than that, I was worried about Shiona.
Even after what happened yesterday, she's still the Human who saved me.
I don't know why she's so mean to anyone, but only to tippy.
I still don't understand why she said it was for my sake.
No, don't go... Please... Ray...
It's okay, Tippy. I'll definitely come back.
Really? Really, really"
Yeah, of course. So could you wait just a little longer?
I'll be waiting for you if you come back"
Tippie hugged the teddy bear tightly.
Even so, I couldn't wipe away the anxiety from my face.
I wonder if I can do anything for this girl's sadness and anxiety.
With that gloomy feeling in my heart, I leave the library.
I decided to use the back roads as much as possible on the way to town.
What's happening in town is obviously not good.
If they find me, there's a chance I'll get hurt.
I try to keep my footsteps quiet as I head to the plaza.
I wanted to get there before the line, but I had to take the long way to get there, so I couldn't do that.
The closer we get to the center of the town, the more broken buildings catch my eye.
But all of them were buildings that didn't look like they were going to be destroyed until yesterday.
I wonder if the people chasing after the people in that town destroyed them.
The town used to be beautiful until yesterday, but now there's dust everywhere.
Why do we need to destroy the buildings of this peaceful town?
I just can't accept that.
As the screams and the noise of buildings being destroyed grew louder, I arrived at the truth.
――The tragedy that took place in the plaza.
Several men chased and caught the people in the town.
He pointed a gun at her, and drove men, women, and even children into a corner, using unjust violence as a shield.
The townspeople who were captured are sitting in the center of the plaza.
A crying child. An angry voice that couldn't be heard.
Where did that voice come from? The armed men were making cool faces.
, it might be strange to call it cool"
She had no interest in anything, and looked like she was glancing at a stone lying on the side of the road.
I can't see Shiona anywhere. I wonder if it's safe to assume she hasn't been captured yet...
What's the situation"
”Most of the residents have been apprehended. It's only a matter of time before they arrive.”
I heard two men talking nearby.
I slowly approach them so that they don't notice me.
How about some food and water?
「It was well-preserved. As for the water, we found an underground water source.」
I see. That's more than I expected"
Yeah, it's possible to settle down like this"
I'm sure of it.
That these men were Humans who attacked the town and stole water and food.
I just couldn't forgive their unreasonableness.
I can't believe he's hurting innocent people just for the sake of looting.
But I couldn't do anything more than that.
I can't even jump out of there.
I knew better than anyone that I was powerless.
But how did you find a small town like this"
「――There was a slave man who ran away the other day.」
”If I recall correctly, he was advocating for the coexistence of the two of us...”
“Yes. He is a foolish man, trapped by the thoughts of the old age. He is a man who coexists with and harmonizes with Floyd. His thoughts are so useless in this world.”
Coexistence and harmony......
Those words reminded me of a young man.
I saved her, brought her to this town... And those were her last words.
Does that mean those Humans were the ones who injured her like that?
That's why I treated you the same way as Phyllod, and kept you alive.
“That’s right. If I had chased after her to bring her back, it would have been useful in a way I didn’t expect.”
One of the men continued in a monotone voice.
A Human appeared to save that man, and showed me the way to the town"
When I heard those words, I felt my back grow cold.
Why didn't I think about the cause of that young man's injury back then?
I'd heard from Shiona that there was a group that was plundering...
If I had paid more attention to my surroundings when I returned to town, I might have been able to avoid being followed.
I regretted taking such an easy action on impulse.
I'm the one responsible for this attack.
「We've gathered the main members of the town in one place. There are no rebels.」
I see. In that case, select those who are ingested orally and not able to produce or control them. The reason for the decrease in productivity is――
While saying that, the man who was receiving the report pulled out a gun from his pocket.
“Dismissed.”
「――Stop it!」
At the same time I understood the meaning of those words, I shouted.
, I couldn't help but scream at those Humans who said they'd dispose of the people who'd taken care of me so lightly."
Then, the men who had been there turned around.
And then, there were eyes.
Get him"
With that voice, the men rushed over to me.
I started running in a panic.
But my body can't keep up with my feelings.
My legs couldn't move well, and I lost my balance as I ran away.
The men immediately came up behind me.
Her movements were as precise as a machine's.
Crap, I'm going to get caught like this.
I ran into the back alley.
Because of the rain, there were a lot of muddy alleyways.
My legs were taken off, but I kept running.
Every now and then, she would knock down the wood leaning against the wall, trying to slow the men down.
But that wasn't enough to stop me.
I realized that the men were right behind me.
Will we be able to get away like this...?
What I was aiming for was the library.
Even if we manage to escape to the library, they'll find out about Tippy's existence.
If Tippie gets attacked...
I changed the direction of my toes.
I run into the back door of the building closest to me.
It happened to be Mad's general store.
I searched for a place to hide――
「!?」
I see a figure sitting in a chair.
Mud didn't answer. She was sitting in a chair with her arms folded like she did after turning the projector.
「Mad-san, you can hear me, can't you!? Please stop joking around at a time like this, Mad-sa――Mad-san?」
I swallowed my scream at the last moment.
The moment I touched Mud's shoulder, she――she quietly fell out of her chair, as if she'd already run out of things to do.
“Wh-Why?!”
those men disposed of her?But there was no sign of any external wounds."
「I've found the target.」
It was the cynical voices of the men chasing me that had made me realize that I had fallen into a panic.
But it was too late.
The labor force should be enough for now. I`ll get rid of it.
Unable to deal with anything, I just jumped back from Mad-san, the men rushing in, and the man at the front pointed their guns at me 
Lay"
A few things happened at the same time.
A gunshot resounded, making a dry sound.
And then, a figure slipped in front of me as if to protect me――
「Sh――」
I've had enough time to get a handle on the situation.
He was standing there to protect me.
He looks at me, looking only at his face.
She was always looking at me with the same smile.
And a few seconds later――
「Shionaaaaa!」
I screamed with a pure white head.
When I saw that figure, my body unconsciously moved.
I hit one of the shelves with my glove-covered machine arm. It knocked down the shelves in a chain reaction, scattering even more dust all over the place.
At the same time, she picked up the can from the floor and threw it to the window with all her might.
The men reacted to the sound of the glass breaking.
She ran out the window"
“We're going after him.”
The men dashed out of the open door.
“Did they go?”
And then, right next to the fallen shelf, I crouched down on the floor, half of my body still submerged.
I embrace Shiona in my chest, so that she doesn't touch the shelf or shard.
「Shiona, Shiona, hang in there!」
I frantically shake her closed eyes.
It looked like she had fainted.
I look over at Shiona's body, but I can't find anything that looks like a wound.
Did the bullet not hit her?But she might not be okay since she's unconscious.
Anyway, we need to evacuate.
――There was only one place I could do that near here......
I took a deep breath and remembered.
About the girl who was waiting for me at the library.
I went through the back alley and returned to the library so that Humans wouldn't find me.
It was quite a handicap to be carrying Shiona on her back, but she kept walking through the destroyed buildings over and over again.
She didn't move a bit during that time. It was a burden, but at the same time, it made me uneasy.
If something were to happen to Shiona... Even though I was about to be crushed by that fear, I arrived at the library.
The clouds covering the sky made the color even darker.
I've finally arrived at the library, and I'm looking for Tippy.
i wonder if tippy's okay.
At the moment, there's no damage to the library.
There was no sign of anyone coming in.
When we passed the entrance, the building was tinged with silence.
Feeling relief in my chest, I sewed up the shelves and searched for Tippie.
But no matter how much I searched, I couldn't find her.
Could it be――
I tried my best to search the area, trying to get rid of my bad thoughts.
Could it be――
Relying on hope, I head to the lobby.
I went around the back.
There was a small trembling Tippy, covering her eyes and ears.
I reach out to her small body.
”Tippie, I'm back.”
Tippie's shoulders bounce slightly.
But when she acknowledges me, she hugs me forcefully.
「Welcome back. I knew it, Ray.」
She pressed her large teardrops against my chest.
Her body was trembling slightly.
Yeah, I've made her worry again.
I put my hand around her back and stroked it.
”Don't worry... I'll never let you go again.”
Perhaps relieved by those words,Tippie's trembling grew weaker,and finally stopped.
「What happened? Shiona, what's wrong?」
Looking at Shiona with her eyes still closed, Tippy asks me anxiously.
I told her the truth without hiding it.
He was shot. To protect me... He didn't seem injured, but he fainted...
「Show me right away!」
With unprecedented agility, tippy lays Shiona down on the floor, as if to pick her up.
「Ray's going to turn around and look at Shiona's wounds.」
「Ah, yeah... D-Did Shiona get hurt!?」
I don't know. But I'm going to do it"
I quickly turn around when I see Tippy grabbing onto Shiona's clothes.
Before long――
...I'm fine. I'm fine... I'm fine, Ray.
Teehee's tone was back to normal.
I quietly turned around.
Shiona is breathing gently on the floor of the lobby.
I thought he was shot to protect me, but it looks like he just fainted from the gunshot at point blank range.
Thank goodness...
I let out a sigh of relief from the bottom of my heart.
「Ray, why did Shiona get shot?」
The Humans have come. And they've started looting in this town. They've destroyed buildings and―"
I didn't tell her that I was trying to ❛dispose of the people in the town, or that Mad-san might have already been ❛disposed. 
「And when Shiona found me and was about to get shot, she protected me――」
I reflexively clenched my fist.Tippie looked at me sadly,
―I see. But if that's the case... it might be dangerous here too.
She answered me with a meek face.
If we hide, we won't be able to get past it... Somehow, until the Humans leave"
She shook her head sadly, as if trying to control my words.
The Humans found this town. The town where we recommended it. That's why they're coming here, too"
“No way... They're going to live here?”
This is a town"
The town... That's right.
I walked along the barren ground until I got here.
There was nothing to eat, nothing to drink, and death was always right next to me.
Those Humans must have traveled in that kind of world.
If that's the case, this 'town' is a paradise I didn't even wish for.
But... why would you do something like steal it? The people of this town would accept it.
It's for the sake of the two of us"
If it's for that reason, then I can do anything... It's wrong to sacrifice someone!
...Ray, I'm scared...
”Ah, sorry. I didn't mean to scare you...”
I untied my clenched fist in anger and patted Tippy's head to reassure her.
Let's think about Tippie and Shiona for now.
If I stay in town like this, the two of them will be in danger.
The truth is, I want to save everyone in town. But I can't do it right now. I don't have the power or the wisdom to do that.
I'll freeze the emotions I've been taught by Shiona and the townsfolk, and make the most efficient choice... mechanically.
Let's go somewhere we can relax for now.
”Tippie, let's leave town for now. We'll think of a way to save the people of the town.”
Even as I said that, my chest tightened.
That's because I put my life on the line.
I've chosen the life I can reach right in front of me.
I'm sure that's pathetic. Even though life is equally heavy......I'm still trying to choose......
Yeah, I think that's a good idea"
The little girl's nods lighten my guilt.
Let's hide in that abandoned factory for now. There shouldn't be anything there that Humans would want"
「Okay, then I need to get Ray and Shiona's food...」
“Yeah. I wish we could stop by the church.”
The library and church we're in right now are on the other side of the square, at the edge and edge of the town.
Even if I tried to take a long detour out of town, I wouldn't be able to stand being shot where there's no cover. On top of that, I'm carrying Shiona on my back.
If that's the case, I guess I'll just have to pass under the rubble and keep going. This time, I'll have to do it even harder, since Tippie's with me......
I explained that to Tippy in as simple a way as possible.
“Is it difficult to go to the capital?”
Yeah... For now, at least.
Then you should just go through with it"
...Did I"
Yeah, I did. I'm going to go to class after I'm done with my teasing"
Yeah, Chika. If it was, no one would have found it"
Underground... underground, huh... But how?
You just have to go inside and pass through the town like that"
......I see.
It’s true that I’ll be able to go to the church without anyone noticing.
”That's a good idea, Tee hee! You're amazing, Tee hee!”
「Eheheeeh... Ray praised me.」
「But I wonder where the manholes are in the city.」
「Mmm... Ray, come here.」
Teehee took my hand and led me to the bookshelf.
Without a moment's hesitation, I arrived at a certain bookshelf.
That book"
I pick up the book that Tippy points at and open it.
Inside was a map of the town's manhole and its sewers.
「That's amazing, Tippy! With this, we can get to the church without any problems.」
「Thank you... Ray.」
She smiles and smiles when I pat her head.
”All right, Tippy. Let's get going.”
Yeah... But wait. I want to do it, so wait a little longer"
Okay, sure"
thank you, ray.
She bows and disappears into the back room.
Even though Tippy said she wasn't having any problems, it still bugs me that she hasn't regained consciousness.
Maybe Humans didn't shoot guns that fired bullets, but weapons that stole away the freedom of their bodies.
If we can figure out the cause, we can figure out how to deal with it.
Was the unknown situation this terrifying?
Sorry to keep you waiting, Ray. What's wrong"
tippy's back from the back room.
「No, it's nothing. I was just a little worried about you.」
I answered as calmly as I could.
So, what are you going to bring"
He said he'd been preparing, and he was holding a large bag.
A stuffed animal... and... er... gimme it"
I see. So it's important"
「Also... Mama's and Papa's shanks.」
Teehee said sadly.
A picture of her parents who probably wouldn't come back.
I don't know how Tippy feels when she looks at that picture.
Umm, then what's this"
Apart from the large bag,Tippie was carrying a thin but firm metal bag.It felt a little too uncouth to carry with her.
「This is... I'll talk to you later. More importantly, Ray, let's go.」
Ah, yeah"
She carried Shiona on her back as Tippie helped her sleep on the floor.Strangely, she didn't feel that weight.
”I'm ready, Tippy.”
Okay, then... Bye-bye.
Tippy said goodbye to the countless bookshelves.
The voice sounded somewhat sad.
I still haven't been able to ease this girl's sadness at all.
But I haven't given up.
We'll be together from now on.
Little by little, as we spend time together, I don't mind.
I want to help Tee hee hee.
And someday, I want her to smile from the bottom of her heart.
That was my secret wish right now.
Come on, let's go"
”--Okay.”
Even so, without a single whining, tippy followed me.
By the time we got to the church, we were pretty exhausted.
There were no signs of Humans around.
We took a careful look around, and stepped into the church.
The chapel was dead silent.
It was as if the chaos in this town was a lie.
I found the music box on the altar in the back of the chapel.
I wonder if Shiona was listening to that tone here?
The sound of my footsteps as I head to the music box echoes throughout the chapel.
I approached the altar and reached for the music box.
As I turned the wheel, a melody began to flow out from inside.
That melody warmed the depths of my heart.
――Suddenly, I heard a voice.
It was coming from behind.
Welcome back"
Shiona said that and got off my back.
”I don't care about that. Are you hurt? Tippie said you're fine, but...”
Yeah, I think it'll be fine"
Shiona smiled as if to reassure me. Then she looked at Tippie beside her.
”So...you're here, too, Tippy.”
Yeah"
She nods sadly, as usual――but with a face that looks like she's prepared for something.
「Shiona...」
Tippie points her hand at Shiona and speaks.
I know, but... I know!
Shiona hangs her head, as if trying to endure something.
「――Shiona.」
On the other hand, tippy's just being gentle......
Those words were so unexpected.Shiona held her breath and gazed at Tippie's small eyes.
「I learned something while I was with Ray. About what Shiona's trying to do.」
“But then...”
That's why I came here. I can't go to the library anymore. ...I don't think so, either"
”I'm sorry, Tippy...”
「It's okay. You don't have to do it, Shiona.」
Tippie gently hugs Shiona as she falls to her knees and jumps into Tippie's arms.
It made me feel like I was the older sister to you, Tippy.
ray, what do we do now?
I quickly came to my senses when Teehee told me that.
「If you're okay with it, I want to help the people in town. Especially those who were told to dispose of them――」
A lot"
Yeah"
She said it like it was horrible......She said she didn't see Humans as Humans.
Can you do it, Ray?
I don't know, but I can't just stand by and watch someone get killed in front of me.
but ray's in danger.
Yeah, I know that, but...
There's nothing I can do about them. They're the kind of people who point guns at me.
I'm sure we won't even be able to talk.
“I promise. I’ll turn back if it gets any dangerous.”
I know. If you get hurt, you'll never be able to take it back"
「Yeah. I can't leave Shiona behind either.」
「Ray...」
「Shiona――」
With that, we separated as if a magnet had repelled us.
”I-I'm sorry! It's not like I've forgotten about you!”
「You're the only one who's unfair...」
Tippie said that, with the tip of her mouth slightly twitching.
”I'm sorry, Tippy. I didn't mean to...”
While apologizing, I gently patted Tippy's head.
“Mmm... That's wrong...”
Even though she said that, her expression wasn't completely unsatisfied.
Shiona smiles at that first... Then we both smile.
And so, we laughed together.
The three of us hold hands without anyone in sight.
We firmly grasp each other's hands so that we'll never be separated again.
And then, before her determination wavers, I declare it.
From now on, the three of us will always be together. Always"
But, as if to mock me...
Footsteps echo in the distance.
Shiona's smile and Tippy's smile stiffen.
I'm sure I'm getting stronger, too.
All the people in town are being held captive.
So the person heading to the church right now is...
Without a doubt, it was Human.
I was the first one to move. I looked out the window without making a sound.
There was only one silhouette.However, she didn't know how many people came after her.
「Shiona, Tippy, go deep inside the chapel. Squat down as much as possible so that you can't be seen from the outside.」
“Sure, but I think we should lock the door first.”
No. If we do that, we'll definitely be called for backup. If we do, we won't stand a chance.
I want to make as little noise as possible, and neutralize that Human.
She thought she could do something about it if it was just one of them.If it was just two of them, she could do something about it if she made a surprise attack.
But if there were more than three of us... I didn't tell Shiona or Tippie, but I thought I'd be the one to get caught.
Hiding my footsteps, I stand behind the door. In the meantime, I hear my footsteps approaching.
There's only one of them. There's nothing going on right now.
...Zzz"
I quietly take a deep breath and prepare myself.
I strain my breath. The sound of footsteps... is right next to me.
The door slowly opened.
Then, a man with a gun slowly came in.
――Still!
At that moment, I swung my arm down from the blind spot.
Without delay, I kicked the gun off the floor.
At the same time, I try to get rid of her, but I can't dodge it.
We're still so close, we're practically glued to each other.
It's safe to assume that he has weapons other than guns.
Then, if I jump at the moment I reach for it, I'll be in vain.
But the man silently tilted his head and looked at me.
“What do you think you're doing?”
She asks me in a monotone voice.
Why are you fighting us? Are you the owner of this town"
Owner? I just want to do something for the people of this town.
You're making it sound like you're a Phylloid.
... Then what... That's my reason for being here.
While saying that, I took off the glove in my right hand and showed her my mechanical hands.
It’s not a good idea to fight me head on, since I have a machine body.
If I make her think that, she might back off.
For now, all I have to do is to ensure the safety of Shiona and Tippie. Even if they find out who I am, I'll protect what I want to protect.
That's my role as a Floyd.
The man cocked his head at my actions once again.
What are you talking about? You can't go into battle with a Floyd. It's designed to obey orders so that you can't disobey Humans"
Eh"
Either way, you're a failure of an old man. I'll eliminate you before the root of all evil"
The tip of the sword was aimed straight at her throat.
With the right hand of the machine, I grasp the blade of the knife. Then, I put all my strength into twisting it.
That's all it takes to break the knife from its base.
I push her down with all my body weight. I place my left arm's elbow against her throat and seal her legs with my knees.
「Ray!」
Shiona leaps out from the back of the room.
I pressed my left hand against her throat again, and raised my metal right hand as I spoke.
It was a metal arm that could break a knife. If I swung it down at my head with all my might, it wouldn't end well.
ray, don't.
Shiona begged in a trembling voice.
(But...)
Gritting my back teeth, I swing my right hand down with all my might.
My right hand was half-dead.
Not on the man's head, but on the floor right next to him.
”Why are you letting me live? It's the right choice to kill me in the face of our own safety.”
That's what the man said, still expressionless.
“That’s not true. It’s wrong to kill for any reason.”
Impossible. Such inefficient thinking"
「I'm going to take you hostage. And I'm going to release the people of this town.」
I grab her by the collar and pull her up.
“That is meaningless. My life is worthless. If dying now opens up the future of my people, I have no reason to regret it.”
The man takes something out of his pocket without changing the tone of his voice at all.
It was an old-fashioned bomb. While pulling out the safety pin, it grabbed my arm.
「Wha!?」
I quickly pull my arm back, but it doesn't budge.
I shuddered.
Why doesn't this Human have any emotions on his face, even though he's about to lose his own life?
It was as if my body was being restrained by the color of her eyes, which couldn't see her intentions.
I can't! If I stop thinking, it's over!
I instantly switch gears and begin analyzing the situation.
The man was carrying a really small bomb the size of a small fruit.
However, as long as it's a bomb, it should have the power to kill people, and above all, it might be noticed by Humans in the town by the sound of explosions.
when? when will it explode?
She's probably planning to self-destruct. There's no doubt that she doesn't have much time.
But what am I supposed to do? If the scale of the explosion is too large, Shiona and the others will get hurt.
If we can't disable this bomb, how do we minimize its effects?
I reflexively hugged the man, like I was holding a bomb between my arms.
If I do this, I might at least be able to protect Shiona and the others from the blast. It might be incomplete, but I think it's the best choice.
At least the two of us 
The next moment, a shock came.
From the side. Like being pushed... No, no, pushed!
Rolling on the floor, I look where I came from.
There stood Shiona, carrying a bomb.
「Shiona!」
Get down"
The bomb she was gripping exploded with a strong light.
Maybe the explosion wasn't that big because it wasn't aimed at killing.
Even so, I was at point-blank range, feeling dizzy from the sound of the blast.
Even Humans at close range had lost consciousness.
「Shiona!」
As my vision wavers, I scream.
Please, be safe.
「Shiona!?」
...Ray"
「Shio...na...」
「Shiona, you need medical attention right away!」
The distance between us felt really long.
I slap my unsteady legs as I approach Shiona.
That's when I saw it.
「What... is this...?」
I was at a loss for words when I saw Shiona.
The right arm that's thrown onto the floor... the metal frame from the wrist down?
It wasn't a bone. Definitely not. It was clearly different from a Human's.
And... there's nothing.
That's strange.
What should have been there...was gone.
it's red.
That's proof of Humanity.
「Wh...wh...why?」
B-But...
I gripped the right hand of my machine, which was covered in gloves.
I see, if it was the same......it would've been better if it was the same......
「Shiona, um... Are you――Are you okay?」
Yeah, I can handle this much"
There's no way that would happen.
There's no way that's possible.
He was hit by an explosion that close to him.
There's no way she can be okay.
I'm sure it hurt so much that I can't help but cry.
And yet...
And yet, why?
「Ray, your head... is better than mine.」
I follow Shiona's gaze and place my hand on her head.
――Yeah, I wonder why.
Why do I have what Shiona needs?
I don't want this.
I don't need this, so I wanted Shiona to see me.
No, it should have been.
Shiona said, touching my head.
”You're bleeding. Are you okay?”
Blood was flowing from my head.
it's red.
It’s red blood.
It's not flowing through Floyd......
In contrast, not even a drop of blood flows from Shiona's arm.
Instead, I can see the exposed machine parts.
There's only one thing this means.
It was――
「......Ray? It's big, but it's okay――Shiona!? Ray!?」
Tippy screamed as she came out of the room.
Tears welled up in her eyes with an uneasy expression.
“I have to fix your wounds, you two!”
It's okay... I'm okay...
I gently embraced the panicking Tippy.
When I hugged her, she looked a little relieved in my arms.
But it's unstable.
It felt like it was about to collapse at any moment, but watching it made my heart ache.
Ray... What should I do? I can't stay here anymore...
Tippie spoke in a trembling voice.Shiona nodded as well.
It's true that the explosion just now will definitely bring in other Humans.
There were many things I wanted to ask her.
There were a lot of things I wanted to check.
But now, I swallowed it.
”...Let's go. Let's leave town.”
We left the church with the bare minimum of luggage.
Then, following the directions of Tippy, she used the back roads of the town to escape outside, and headed for the abandoned factory.
That's when I realized...
I'm the only one... who feels heavy from exhaustion.
Teehee guides me, and Shiona leads me along.
After arriving at the abandoned factory, I finally sat down on the ground.
I catch my breath beside the cool-faced Shiona.
”Tippie, I'm going to go get you some water.”
The little girl glances at Shiona and disappears into the back of the abandoned factory.
She probably entrusted Shiona with all the details.
「...Shiona.」
She smiles back at my voice, looking a little troubled.
I'm sure you've already figured it out, but I... No. All the people living in this town are Floyd.
That was... something I was trying to avert my eyes from.
I had a feeling... something was wrong... but I didn't want to admit it...
So... I'm a Human?
When my head was damaged, a red liquid leaked out of the damaged area.
resembled the blood flowing through a Human's body."
Floyd doesn't have that kind of liquid on board, so it shouldn't flow.
You've always misunderstood because you have a mechanical arm... That's a medical-use artificial part that makes up for lost limbs in an accident.
No way... Then I really...
That's right, you're a Human. A parent and partner for us, Floyd. That's you. The people in town are all Floyd. You're the only Human here"
I see"
I stared at the glove-covered right hand of the machine and gripped it weakly.
I've always thought of her as the exact opposite......
Shiona's a firoid... I'm a Human...
――In other words, I'm a Human who should be hated by myself.
I felt something in the depths of my heart.
That emotion is painful.
I was sad.
It's annoying.
It was the same cold-hearted, merciless, and evil being.
I couldn't help but feel a pain in my chest.
The fact that I can't change it makes me angry.
What the man she was talking to earlier said was correct.
I'm Human, not Floyd.
And the rulers of the Human world were trying to do terrible things to the people of the town of Floyd, the ruler―No, they were probably already doing it.
How did things end up like this?
I just wanted to live with Shiona and the others.
I just wanted to make everyone happy.
But, but, but――
I can't do that.
Because I'm a Human.
That's because I'm a friend of a life form that can't be helped.
I unconsciously felt a warmth in my clenched fist.
When I look down, Shiona's hand is on top of mine.
The temperature is man-made.
But it had nothing to do with me.
......it's warm.
That alone lessens the burden on my heart.
But at the same time, her own inadequacy becomes apparent.
I wonder if I have the right to direct her kindness at me.
”Do you want to know more about yourselves?”
Shiona said, smiling at me.
Are you Humans"
Yes, Humans. Do you want to know about our partner"
If I can find out, I want to know.
So I nodded.
I want to know... I want to know why we ended up like this.
「Do you remember that painting in the library?」
Yeah, I remember"
”Tippie paints that picture every day. Every day, at any time, one sheet a day.”
I close my eyes and recall that scene.
There were hundreds of those pictures drawn with crayons.
How many do you think there are"
「I don't know...if you're a Phyllod, you've probably done it for years...and there's probably a thousand of them.」
86,670"
”Hachiman...”
A strong vertigo attacked me again. But it wasn't because of the explosion or the subsequent bleeding.
Was Tippie the only one who'd spent such a long time in the dark library?
There shouldn't have been many people coming to the library.
I'm sure I've been living a lonely life.
Thinking back on all the time that Tippy had spent there, I felt like I'd lost my footing just from that.
That's what Tippy's been trying to endure.
With that small body.
Several decades after that, we, Floyd, were born. The Humans wanted us—"
Shiona told me the history of Floyd as if singing a song.
First of all, it meant that the androids that had reached the practical stage were equipped with Human emotions.
The basic information on emotions has been onboard since the beginning, and a system that allows people to learn new emotions through self-reliable thinking circuits has been adopted.
Including that, it could be said that they were extremely close to Humans.
Therefore, they could be extremely close to Humans in their work and in their daily lives.
Eventually, some companies appeared that incorporated custom-made emotions and memories, and unprecedented floyd booms came.
Families who can't have children buy their children's Floyd, and those who lose their parents or children order Floyd with their memories.
In the blink of an eye, the number of floyds increased, and in just over a decade, a number comparable to the population of Humans was produced.
all, the most revolutionary one was the love Human, who possessed the most complex emotions."
It had the ability to carry on the life of a spouse.
You can obtain someone you love without going through the process of love, and your love is guaranteed indefinitely.
In a society where the number of Humans who prioritized work over love increased as late marriage progressed, the demand was great, and they were accepted with applause.
However, her marriage to Floyd led to the birth of children, which accelerated the declining birthrate.
And the declining birthrate would create a shortage of marriage partners, and would create a loop that would further increase the number of marriage relations with Phyllod.
And before I knew it, Humans had forgotten how to grow love"
Shiona smiled sadly.
Human children came to be artificially created using science. However, Humans who lost love couldn't teach their children love"
Love was the cause of all emotions.
I can feel the joy of being able to touch someone because of love.
Because I have love, I know what I want to protect, and I feel anger when someone hurts me.
Because I have love, I feel sadness when I lose something precious to me.
Because we love each other... we share our emotions, share our feelings, and enjoy ourselves.
But... I forgot about that.
The Humans who came to the town were probably that kind of Humans.
Humans, who had forgotten 'emotions' along with love, had even lost the heart to care for others.
Humans no longer need love, and the existence of emotion-filled firoids began to feel alienated.
When you think about efficiency, it's too much of a waste.
Before long, Humans began to think that Floyd should be a machine.
Towards harsh environments......working with danger......exerting beyond the limits of my specifications......
However, there were Humans who didn't approve of that.
Humans who left behind feelings of love appealed. They said Phylloid was their partner.
The world split into two.
Humans with love, and Humans without love.
And the Humans, who didn't have it, concluded.
That the ideas of the old age should be exterminated......
I didn't even hesitate to press the button on the weapon that was burning the ground.
Everything else was too soon.
Revenge called for retribution, and it didn't take the world five days to be engulfed in flames and ash.
Poisoned land, black clouds blocking the sunlight, and a sea that couldn't moisten her life.
The history of Humans will end with their own hands...
It was a far too foolish choice.
We were born for the sake of Humans, and we took away what was most important to Humans"
That's not true... It's all our fault"
But there were a lot of Humans who survived. No matter how messed up the world gets, life doesn't stop walking"
I couldn't find the words to respond to Shiona's kind words.
...*cough*, ahh, ahhh, ahh.
Suddenly, Shiona started practicing her vocalizations.
And then, when she faced me head-on 
Pleased to meet you. I'm MODA-127Alice mk-17, manufactured by Also International. Have you registered as a user? If you're done, please choose my individual name. It's the first name I can give you. Please be careful with it"
I've been caught off-guard.
I've never seen her like this before... If I had to say, I'd say that's about it, but this is the first time I've ever seen her this bright and innocent.
Were you surprised"
Shiona returns to her usual self and asks.
Y-Yeah...
That's the oldest memory I have"
I wonder when it all happened. I can't imagine it.
Back then, every day was like a festival... It was really lively"
Saying that, Shiona showed me a newspaper clipping and a piece of paper.
A world-famous musician, dying"
The photo on it is the same as the one we found in Shiona's room.
He had a face similar to mine.
Is this... your brother"
“Yeah, this story was a long time ago. ...I’m the latest model among the Phylloids that were manufactured. The fifth generation, I guess.”
I wonder how Shiona feels when she says she's been manufactured.
Like Humans, Floyd has emotions.
In other words, the same as Humans.
Is it really that easy to figure it out?
In my generation, the concept of 'death' is the first model that's ever been equipped with a human. To get as close to Humans as possible. But the models before me don't have that... Mad-san or Tippie-chan do. Neither of them understand the concept of 'death'. There's no point in explaining it. The day will never come when they'll understand it"
To keep waiting without knowing death.
There was hope, but it was a hope that would never be rewarded.
The despair of hope.
He thrusts it at me unconditionally.
If I was going to be confronted with something like that, wouldn't it have been better if she had told me about her despair from the start?
I thought it would be better that way.
Tippie-chan, you're the older model... I'm pretty sure you're a second generation firoid. You can't get energy out of food until the second generation. That's why you're running on electricity. But there's a limit to how long the battery can run. You have that bear plushie as an auxiliary battery"
Come to think of it, whenever she moved somewhere, she always picked up a stuffed animal.
I hadn't noticed at all that it was a battery.
But there's something that makes sense.
that tippy was in that library the whole time.
That library is the only one in town that has a power generation system.
In order to continue working, tippy stayed in that place.
「Tippie-chan's parents died a long time ago. Probably over 200 years ago. But Tippie-chan, who doesn't have the concept of death, is waiting for her. She's always, always alone.」
What a tragic story.
I don't know about Floyd's life expectancy, but that's just how he's been for hundreds of years.
Tears streamed down her cheeks every day.
A future that shouldn't have come ......I'm trapped by hope that won't come true.
In that library, all alone.
Looks like there's a lead ball in the back of her chest.
It hurts so much.
But the more I think about it, the deeper it falls into my heart.
But, even if I knew, it would be painful"
And Shiona is aware of her death. In other words, she can't even hope to see her again.
Ray's watching Mad collapse at the general store, right?
“Yeah... It was strange. It was as if only the soul had left without any external wounds.”
I can tell now. That Mad-san was already broken back then.
However, we have to live like this. Until the day we die――until the day we break down. To us, who aren't sick, that's an eternity's worth of time. But that's why we try to be Humans. If we don't, it'll be too sad, won't it? We'll take over the work our partners were doing, take over the positions they've lost... and we'll go around the world, just like Humans do. So that the world that Humans were spinning in will never stop"
Mad ran a general store.
Photographers, taverns, and various shops were lined up in the town.
It was all thanks to you, Floyd.
It was the efforts of the Floyds to protect the Human world.
It was the last hope of the Floyds, who had been left behind.
Someday, when Humans come back, we'll spend every day so that we can talk about that fun world we had"
Shiona smiled.
An emotion that would never match the current situation.
Shiona was protecting herself with a smile.
I saw that sad smile on her face.
“...But we Floyd have defects too. If something is too painful for us to bear, only some emotions come forth. I’m like this, Mad-san is always angry, and Tippy-chan is always sad.”
But Shiona continued."
That's our last hope. If that emotion disappears, we'll be destroyed. We'll die"
「Then, when Shiona was shot, Mad-san was――」
That's right. He wasn't on a trip. After Ray showed him that movie, Mad--No, he couldn't move"
「So the one who closed the shop was――Shiona?」
Yeah. If you don't, I figured you'd have a problem with it, even if it wasn't with the townsfolk. Isn't that right?
Well, that's true"
If the store had been open there, I would've definitely entered the store and found Mad-san who wouldn't move.
If Humans hadn't shown up, they probably wouldn't have noticed.
In the end, it's certain that I wasn't mistaken.
I didn't want to believe it, but it was true.
Onii-chan said something like, Emotions are the piece of the puzzle called life That's what they're connected to. If you lose your emotions, all the pieces collapse. That's the same for Humans and Floyd. Mad-san's anger towards his son has been dispelled, and it's broken"
If that's the case, then I'm the one who killed Mad.
I found the regenerative device on my own and showed my son's movie to Mad.
If it hadn't been for that, Mad would still be moving without breaking.
She must have sensed my feelings. She turns to my left and places her hand on mine.
Don't worry, it's not your fault. Sooner or later, we're fated to end up like that. Just like Humans can't escape death. I'm sure Mad-san was happy. She was finally able to understand your son's true feelings"
“Maybe. But...”
Her hopeless feelings welled up.
If I had known that back then... I would have forced her to stop.
You're so kind, Ray"
That's not true"
Shiona stood beside me.
I can't see Shiona's expression.
Anxiety hits my chest from the inside.
I mean, even if I knew, I still wished for it. I thought I'd see that smile again someday.
Shiona smiles sadly as she looks down at the picture of her brother.
That's why I was so happy when I first met you, Ray. Yeah, it really was a dream. That you were still alive.
To die.
Whether I knew it or not, both of them were painful.
They were made to be good by Humans, forced on their families, and left leaving only the pain of death behind.
Selfish and disgusting.
That was us Humans.
Tippie-chan feels lonely when she loses her family. So if she acts like a family member, she'll die. That doesn't mean that she doesn't want you to say those words to her. There's a rule that we, Floyd, shouldn't say things like make her realize that we're Floyds That's because we're destroying Human dreams. But I went too far... I'm sorry"
When Shiona bows her head, a sweet scent drifts about.
It's true that what Shiona did is unforgivable.
But considering how she feels, it's clear that the best course of action would be to do so.
「It can't be helped. Shiona just followed the rules, it's not bad at all.」
Forgiving someone like this, forgiving someone like this.
Apologizing, apologizing.
Cry, get angry, smile.
That's what Humans are.
Those women were the ones who knew that better than anyone.
Thank you for telling me, Shiona. You've done so much for me, as a Human"
I'm sorry, as a Human.
I can't believe he's repaying all of the people he's worked so hard for.
Even as we speak, the Humans in this town might be 'disposing' of Phyllods.
And, Floyd wouldn't be able to resist that.
Thinking that, I couldn't hide the pain in my heart.
Shiona gently reaches out and embraces me.
A warm warmth envelops me.
Of course. Humans and Floyd are partners in the past and present. That's what the future holds"
I feel like that's the emotion I didn't understand until the very end.
It's warm, wide, deep, strong, gentle, soft, big, and precious.
Humans had lost something terrible.
However, the more Humans had forgotten, the more they remembered.
Years, decades, hundreds of years.
Even though they endured solitude, they continued to protect us.
I felt like I had to inherit that and protect her in the same way.
That's not an obligation or an order.
That's what I've always wanted.
I'm home. There's a clean water there"
As I share body heat with Shiona, tippy calls out to me from behind.
I'm embarrassed for some reason, so I quickly take my distance from Shiona.
The warmth of my skin is sucked away by the air.
But the gap was quickly filled with a new warmth.
When I look, I see that Teehee is between me and Shiona.
”You too, Tee-pee. Squeeze.”
Shiona and I looked at each other.
Shiona seems to be entrusting her decision to me.
Tippy has lived alone for two hundred years.
If we stay like this, Tippy will be able to live on for all eternity without breaking.
But I wonder if that's happiness.
Is an empty life worth living?
I embrace Shiona.
Together with Tippy, who stood between us.
Shiona embraces me in the same way.
Tippie hugged us both and whispered softly.
“It's warm...”
It's the warmest thing in two hundred years.
This trifle had been waiting for Tippy for two hundred years.
It was a very sad time...
If I can give her two hundred years' worth of warmth, I want to give it to her without a doubt.
If you do that, I think you can say that the time you've been waiting for isn't wasting.
What are you going to do now, Ray?
Shiona asks me while still holding her from behind.
If possible... I'd like to help everyone in town, but... I don't think I can right now.
I'm sorry to the townspeople, but I don't have that power.
First of all, I want Shiona and Tippie's safety to be a solid foundation.
It's a little far, but let's go to the factory where I woke up.
No, that place wasn't a factory.
A world where no one could live in the war, a place where contaminated land would sleep until even a little better.
I... I woke up a little late.
「There was still electricity there. Shiona and I can eat it orally, so we can manage it if we bring food from town. But in the case of Tippy, we have to charge it.」
「Shiona...」
Those words must have been enough to make her realize it.Tippie raised her voice.
Yeah, that's right... Sorry"
It's okay. I thought it was about time for us to go together"
With a somewhat sad, yet a little stiff expression,Tippie continued.
”I need to do what I can for you, too, Tippy... Now's my chance.”
”...Tippie?”
Shiona must have fallen for something, as she asks Tippie.
The three of us will survive"
Those words were unreliable.
There’s no guarantee.
Even so, all I could do was keep saying those words.
The three of us will live on together forever"
It was just an ideal.
I know that the world isn't so sweet that one can live on ideals alone.
I'm sure Shiona feels the same way.
Even so, Shiona doesn't question me at all.
Anxiety and discontent.
All of those words were sealed away.
I'm sure those things were filling my heart.
In fact, those emotions were violating my heart.
Even so, it was necessary.
Words of hope.
「...Yeah.」
Shiona nods and hugs us tighter.
And so, we set off on a journey to the orphanage.
This is the town"
Seeing the wilderness before her eyes, Tippy hugged the teddy bear to her chest.
”Isn't this the same scenery you're familiar with?”
Yeah. The last time I saw it, it was Michi, Mori, and then... and then"
The scenery that Tippie told me about is even bigger than the festival Shiona told us about.
At that time, Humans were able to control not just the town, but nature, phylloids, and even the weather at will.
Which means... by the time I started running, the Humans had already begun to decline"
Shiona looks a little lonely. Her clothes are getting bigger in the dusty wind.
Come on, let's go"
With some food and a spare battery for Tippy, we started walking through the wilderness to survive.
And most of all, to survive.
We struggle, we struggle, we survive.
She struggles, struggles, and lives.
As long as I'm alive, that's all that matters.
Just being alive was worth it.
That's what I truly thought.
Using the position of the sun I can faintly feel through the dark clouds as a guide, I walk through my memories.
When the sun set and the temperature dropped, the three of us snuggled up against each other and fell asleep.
Sometimes we sing songs, sometimes we encourage each other, sometimes we play....
It wasn't just painful. I continued my journey.
We cross the reddish-brown ground and arrive at our destination around three whole days later, when the sun begins to set.
The building is half-buried in sand... We can't find it like this. I didn't know this equipment was still here...
When we enter the room, the lights turn on a little, and the air conditioning makes a faint noise from somewhere.
When I woke up, the room hadn't changed a bit. For now, I'll clean up the parts that would probably be unpleasant for Shiona and Tippy.
I'm sure these Floyds were protecting us humans who had been sleeping coldly.
Yay, you're sitting down"
Teehee dashed off and sat down on the sofa.
The strength left my body as soon as I sat down.
Looks like I've been pushing her pretty hard.
“...This place is kinda cold.”
「It's originally a facility for cold sleep, after all.」
Even though it was indoors, it was a little colder than it was outside.
The fact that the air conditioning had been turned on meant that there was still a function to raise the temperature inside the facility.
But I don't know where it is.
I hope it's some kind of heating equipment...
「This is what I should do. Ray, sit next to Tippie-chan.」
Like this"
“I'll come closer!”
L-Like this"
When I asked her that, she looked satisfied.
Yeah, I'm fine now"
I sit down on the other side of the table where I'm glued to Teehee.
――Stay close to me, just like you do with Teehee.
「See? This is warm, right?」
Y-Yeah... You're right.
It's definitely warm.It's warm, but......
”What do you think, Tippy? Are you still cold?”
「Mmm... It's warm.」
She squints her eyes and moves closer to my arm.
Warm? I'm glad to hear that.
Yeah, it's warm... It's really warm, Ray. Almost like...
It's like... what's wrong"
When I'm like this, it's like a thrill"
........."
「Mom and Daddy used to make sure that you were okay.」
Yeah. It's warm, just like that time"
... Yeah, it's warm"
”...Hey, can you hold me again? Can you hold me tight?”
I almost hugged her without thinking, but when I felt Shiona's sad gaze, I stopped.
”Tippie, I can't do that.”
Why? Aren't you going to hug me"
「Yes, that's right. We're not family, after all.」
It's not a family tree... You're all alone, Tippie"
Yes. No matter how long we're together, I'm alone. I can't change that"
If I were to pick up her words, it'd be cold, as if she didn't like Tippy.
But now I understand.
Those words were filled with kindness.
This is the only emotion that's still inside of her.
――Sadness.
Filling Tippie's heart means releasing her from her sadness......
In other words, it's like dying.
Up until now, I've held Tippy in my arms without thinking about anything.
But that might have been a cruel kindness.
No, maybe it wasn't even kindness.
It was nothing more than an act of self-satisfaction, just to shorten the life span of Tippy.
Shiona has been enduring it all this time.
In order to protect Tippy's sorrow......and most of all, to protect her.
She probably wanted to hug him.
He probably wanted to pat her head and say something nice to her.
She probably wanted to show him a smile that would make her heart turn orange.
I've been holding out my hand to this blue girl for a long time.
That's why I thought I had to endure it too.
And yet... I couldn't stop myself.
I just couldn't leave this sad-looking girl in front of me alone.
I hold her close to Shiona.
The back of my eyes became hot.
I knew this was an act that would shorten the life of Tippy, so I asked myself why I couldn't stop it.
Isn't this just temporary fulfilling her own desires...?
I really am Human......
He's a selfish, selfish, self-centered person who hurts people.
I hug the two of them so tight it hurts.
I embrace the warmth of the two of them.
We draw closer to each other to fill the two hundred-year gap between us.
Even in this cold facility, the warmth of the three of us doesn't make it feel cold.
That's how warm it was.
I can hear a melody coming out of Shiona's mouth.
That song your brother wrote.
That melody made me feel a warmth in my chest.
Her gentle singing echoes throughout the factory.
「I like the way you're touching me, Tippie.」
She buries her face into my chest.
「I remember when Papa and Mama were here... and I just can't stop myself.」
The girl repeated her sadness.
Tippy's been repeating that sadness for two hundred years.
Maybe I can't wipe away those two hundred years' worth of sadness.
But I can give her this momentary warmth.
I put two hundred years' worth of love into this fleeting warmth and embraced them.
But that small amount of time didn't last long.
”Huh...? Tee hee?”
I turn my gaze to Tippie, who's sitting on the sofa.
Standing there is Tippy, staring forward like she's lost her mind.
What's wrong? Are you not feeling well"
Hmm? ...Hmm"
She doesn't seem to be feeling well.
Was it because I'd been released from the tension, or was it because I'd been walking for a long time?
Either way, it looks like she needs to rest.
”You look tired, too, so why don't we rest for today?”
「...Y-Yeah.」
There's an answer one step behind. She must have been thinking about something.
「Rei, Tippy, you might not have enough energy. That might be why you're getting distracted.」
I see... Then we'll have to resupply. ―Huh, how are we going to do that?
「It's non-contact charging. We have the same charging equipment, so we need to find a connector and store the electricity in the teddy bear.」
Got it. If you find something that looks like it, please confirm it.
Leave it to me"
Leaving Tippy on the sofa, I check what's in the equipment.
There were a lot of cold-sleep devices lined up. I looked for something still leaking cold air.
And then, I opened the maintenance lid at the base of it, and examined the cables connected to the switchboard.
Before long, I found something that looked like an electrical connector connected to a thick cable.
「Yeah, this one's fine. I'll borrow a teddy bear from you, Tippy.」
Shiona borrows a teddy bear from Tippie, opens the zipper on her back, and pulls out the connector.
I plug the charger in, and my bear's eyes blink twice.
That must be the signal to start the charge, as Shiona sighs in relief.
She gripped Teddie's hand tightly.It felt like the light in her eyes grew stronger, as if that was enough to transfer power to her.
「Shiona, let's eat too.」
She showed me an oral block she found while searching for a cable to charge.
It's the same thing I found on my way out of this facility.
「It doesn't taste like Shiona's soup, but I think it's nutritious.」
No, I'm happy because I'm hungry. Just being able to eat makes my heart skip a beat.
I set up the portable plates, and set up the oral blocks on top of them.
Because I thought that if I did this, it would look just like a meal.
It's times like these that I want to cherish every little thing I do.
I want to retrace what I did in that town―at Shiona's house.
「It looks good.」
Shiona smiled, as if she understood my wish.
We put our hands together in front of the meal.
Tippy, who had been watching us, came over to us.
And when I put the teddy bear in front of me, she put her hands together like we did.
I'll be with everyone"
”Tippie...?”
「Haha, you're really something, Tippy. It's very luxurious.」
Teehee blushed shyly.
In the past few days, I've been in so much pain, it's time for me to relax.
I'm sure that in the distant past, we Humans lived like this with our partners called Phyllods.
No, I should still be able to get my life back.
I've lost my emotions, and just like they taught me... I should be able to get back the time I'd forgotten...
I was thinking about that as I brought the remaining oral block to my mouth.
At that moment...
『Warning. The main battery's wear rate is over 90%. Please replace and maintain the batteries immediately.』
All of a sudden, in a businesslike tone, tippy said something like that.
『We're requesting an online exchange from the service center. The service center is offline. Retrieve. ――The service center is offline. Retry. ――The service center is offline. Retrieval. Retrieval.』
「Shiona, this is――!」
「I don't know much about it, but I can't charge your battery anymore.」
I couldn't charge it"
Was the voltage different? No, it should be fine, since it's via the teddy bear.
Does that mean there's a problem with the battery?
If there's a possibility......it must be age deteriorating.Now that I think about it, it's a battery that's been operating for over 200 years.
It wouldn't be strange for her to be exhausted.
Maybe I need a new battery...
”A new battery...? And if you don't have a proper engineer to take care of your generation, you can't replace it!”
「No way...」
A cold sweat ran down my back.
In other words, Tippy will cease to be active... No, will she die?
“No way, we’ve come this far...!”
”It's okay... I already knew that.”
All we can do is stare at the voice of Tippy, who's back to her usual tone, as if we've been struck by lightning.
”Tippie, could it be that you knew this would happen--”
Yeah... I knew this would happen when I left the library. I've noticed that the battery charging rate has been dropping for the past 67 days.
Tippie answered, smiling weakly.
More importantly, I need to do what I can for you... Will you bring me the metal bag that Lay-Tippie was holding?
”O-Okay!”
She'd been carrying a slim but somewhat brusque metal bag since the time Teepy left the library.She picked up something heavier than she'd expected and took it to her.
Tippy casually placed one hand in the middle of her bag.That alone unlocked two locks on the handle.
There was a single blackboard inside. It was probably about the size of a slightly larger book. But it was much thinner than that, and only half the size of a short picture book.
With both hands, Tippy carefully takes it out and slowly turns to face me.
Ray, put your hand here. You're not a machine.
Like this"
As tippy said,she placed a non-prosthetic hand on the blackboard.Then――
A flowing man's voice resounded from the blackboard.
「The current Supervisor, Vortex Corporation's MSK-3737, and Dorothy's unit name, 『Tippie』, has approved the operation. Continue the registration process.」
『I've confirmed it. Please state your registered applicant's name to identify an individual.』
「Um... Ray.」
『Understood. As the new caretaker, I have registered Ray. Please be verbally briefed by the current caretaker on how to use it. That is all.』
After saying that, the blackboard went silent.
”Tippie, that was...”
「All of the books in the library have been digitized. It's the backup data for Tippie's memories.」
She seemed a little tired――but in a tone that sounded like she'd accomplished something, Tippy answered.
I remember the handwritten books lined up in the library.
She remembered every single word that was written in it.
So that book was written by Tippie after all.
Even if one day I'm going to stop......no, I'm going to stop, so that I can keep a record of prehistoric civilization as a book.
That place wasn't the library.Tippie was the library itself.
If you're going to use it, place your hand in the center of the board, just like before. Then the tablet―the board―will flash. All that's left is to use the admin's voice recognition function to pull out all the data...
“Well, then...”
I activate the tablet called the tablet.I do as I'm told and place my hand on it.
『Check biometrics, authenticate the admin ray. Which data would you like to load?』
Manual! How to repair the Floyd... umm, how to replace the batteries"
『Starting to search......we have 395 items, 124,751 types of information on how to fix the Floyd. Narrowing it down is recommended.』
one of them is the Vortex Corporation's MSK-3737 Dorothy 」"
『Starting the search......we have a match.』
The tablet's surface glittered brightly. Then, letters appeared.
『It's almost impossible to repair it by users. Please let me rest until the people from the service center arrive.』
My vision darkens.
How's it going"
Yeah, it's moving... But...
That tablet... only moves... about ten more times"
It's more than enough time for me, but as for Phyllod and the library's management system, it shouldn't be that long.
Is it really okay for me to use it?
”You need to use it. From now on...I won't be able to hold out much longer...”
”That's not true! You've always been helping me out, haven't you?!”
When I fixed Shiona's music box, and when I fixed Mad's projector, all of those things happened because Tippie remembered the library's books and told me.
I'm happy to hear you say that――Use this from now on.
Tippy, who had been sitting on the sofa, laid down slowly.
”Typey!”
”Tippie!”
i've been waiting for 200 years.
I can't let it end here.
Tippy's small mouth moved up and down.
She sounds like she's saying something, but her voice is so quiet that it doesn't reach my ears.
I bring my ear closer to her mouth.
Hey, Ray... Teehee, it was fun.
She places her hand on mine.
It was a small, soft hand.
「You're my dad, and Shiona's my mom... They're both kind, and I love them.」
No matter how coldly I treated her, no matter how much I pushed her away, I couldn't hide my true feelings.
so tippy knew.
How much we treasured you, Teehee.
Ever since I got involved with you, this has always been the way things have been for you.
There's nothing I can do about it.
Being alone all the time was the only way for you to live.
But that's obviously impossible.
tippy has feelings.
We're not so perfect that we can overlook our sadness.
No, I wouldn't call that perfect.
It's because we can feel sadness that we're allowed to have emotions.
Slowly.
As if a handkerchief had fallen to the surface of the water, Tippy's eyes closed.
Even though we're the ones who created it, we can't even save it.
There's nothing I can do after creating as much as I can.
Humans really are selfish creatures.
「Hey, Shiona...」
Tippy's eyelids slowly opened again.But the light had already disappeared from those eyes.She probably couldn't see anymore.
”She's here... She's here, Tippy...”
Shiona's voice is trembling slightly.
「Thank goodness... Isn't that right, Shiona?」
Yeah..."
Thanks for everything up until now. You did your best not to break, didn't you"
「As I'm sure you're aware, it's been over two hundred years since you first started operating... But you've been dead for 150 years now. That's why Shiona and Ray aren't bad at all. We did what we could...」
When Tippie left the library and came to the church, Shiona apologized to Tippie, and Tippie forgave her.
That's what she meant by that......
「So, please. Shiona, don't cry...... Sing......sing......」
Yeah... Yeah―"
「Tippie... I love your song... Shiona.」
Shiona began to sing. She sometimes hiccuped and lost her tune. But despite that, she kept singing. With that melody――
Thank you... so much"
Teehee smiled, and then stopped moving.
My hands trembled.
And that's not all.
My whole body was trembling.
Just now, on my lap, a small life announced its end.
In other words, it might not be life.
But to me, it was an irreplaceable life.
Shiona quietly continues singing.
I'm not going crazy anymore. It's the same as usual――I should have, but the song has an infinitely clear ring to it.
It's a melody dedicated to Tippy.
Something hot flows down my cheek.
It flew down her chin and landed on her cheek.
Even though Tippy wasn't crying, she looked like she was crying.
I pull her close to me.
That small body will never move again.
Her mouth would no longer be able to speak.
Her hand no longer drew a picture.
's death"
Warmth spreads through my head.
Shiona hugs me tightly.
Suddenly, my eyes grew hot.
It's an unbearable pain, uncontrollable pain, and uncontrollable sadness.
I cried for the first time in my life.
Tears for Tippy――
After that, our lives changed drastically.
It's an electronic book terminal containing all of the library's books.
Because I was once called a tablet, my knowledge of it increased rapidly.
How to make crops, a house that can be built with only stone and mud, how to predict the weather, a lot of animals and plants that can no longer be seen.
Furthermore, it's a database of all the papers published over the past 350 years, until the library shut down its functions.
If I search, I'm sure I'll be able to find out more about myself.
「Are you studying today too, Ray?」
Yeah. There's something I have to remember"
What kind of book are you reading today"
It's survival. It's how you survive in any environment"
There wasn't that much power in the cold sleep facility. But if there was one, it would have to be able to withstand a small amount of electricity alone.
They have already begun to secure drinking water using morning and night dew, and the problem of securing the weakest drinking water in this facility is improving considerably.
That's right. From now on, I won't be able to move forward with just physical strength and physical strength like I have up until now.
What we're going to need from here on out is knowledge. With knowledge, we can stand up to a lot of people on our own, and we can even avoid them without facing them in the first place――Or even win.
It might even be possible to help the people of the town.
I devoured the 'power' that Tippy left me.
While I was reading, Shiona was singing beside Tippie, who had stopped moving.
Shiona's brother's music box is one of the things I took out of town.
Every now and then, in exchange for her singing, she would turn the steering wheel and play the kind melody of the music box.
It was a time of peace and tranquility.
If I had the knowledge I have now, I'd be able to live here with Shiona forever.
That's why... I didn't notice.
Something's wrong with Shiona's body......
ray, dinner's ready.
Shiona's always smiling as she prepares dinner.
She had dissolved the oral block like water, and turned it into soup.
It's very similar to the orange, fluffy soup that Shiona always makes in town.
“Thanks. This soup cheers me up.”
I'm happy to hear you say that. It makes my heart turn orange.
「But Shiona, you don't have much soup.」
The amount of soup in the bowl is less than half that of mine.
「I'm a Phylloid, so this much is more than enough for me when I'm in save mode.」
Really"
Yeah. So eat up, Ray. You don't feel well when you're hungry, right?
Yeah... Why didn't I notice?
By this time......her abilities as a phylloid had already declined......
Only half of my energy was enough to operate it.
As usual, I read a book, and Shiona sings a song for me.
While tracing the surface of the tablet with my fingertip, I pondered whether there was any way to free the people of the town.
Suddenly, the song's rhythm stops.
When I lift my head to see what's going on, Shiona's mouth is covered in blood.
The music box in my hand had stopped, too.
「Shiona...? What's wrong?」
Um... No, it's nothing. I just wanted to sing"
She took a deep breath as she said that.
And then, she started singing again 
...Huh? I wonder what kind of music it was"
「Shio...na...?」
Ahaha... That's weird. I loved that song, so wait a minute. I'll remember it right away"
Shiona closed her eyes and tried to sing out of a place that had been cut off many times.
However, the research flowing out of her mouth is completely different from what I know.
What's wrong...? I can't remember your song"
「Shiona!? Is there anything wrong with your body!?」
I was an idiot. In the end, I was just thinking about myself.
I was being kind to her, cherished by her, satisfied with that, and spoiled... I wasn't thinking about her.
When I left town, I was caught up in an explosion that made my arm lose its artificial skin.
「Shiona! You were seriously injured at the time of the explosion!」
Shiona thought for a moment, then shook her head.
That was fine, yeah"
Shiona- Floyd doesn't lie.
But when I think about Humans, I hide my words.
She said she was fine, so she probably didn't suffer any damage from the explosion.
She's right That's"
「...Shiona. Can you show me what you're doing?」
「...Yeah.」
At my urging, Shiona hesitates for a moment before nodding.
I tried to avert my eyes out of embarrassment, but the thing in front of me wouldn't let go of me.
Shiona's white, firm chest.
There was a small hole in it.
Well, that's...
I forget that it's a woman's body and approach that wound.
This is a gunshot wound.
I immediately remembered the time when she protected me from Humans at Mad-san's store.
“So... it was true...”
I was wondering if you'd be okay, but it doesn't look like it.
Shiona smiled, sticking out her tongue like a spoiled child, but without showing any signs of being sorry.
I know that's a smile to keep me from feeling guilty.
Even at a time like this, she's still thinking about me.
...Ugh, search! MODA-177 Alice mk-17 Maintenance Manual"
The tablet glows faintly in response to my voice.
But Shiona covers the screen with her hand. She slowly shakes her head.
Keep smiling.
「It's my body. I know it better than anyone.」
”But...there might be a way! If only you'd told me sooner...”
No, there's a reason I didn't tell you.
Shiona knew that she was suffering a fatal wound that she wouldn't be able to recover.
Even if I struggle, that reality won't change.
It's repulsive to put it into words.
death was written on my head."
No matter how much I don't want to think about it, it just pops into my head.
know. I'm going to die soon. I'm a Phylloid, so maybe I should say break ?"
No, Shiona.
you're not going to break.
i'm gonna die.
Ahaha, I think I'm a little out of it. I can't put any strength into my body...
Her shoulders droop, but she collapses to the floor.
「Shiona!」
I hurriedly catch her, and pick her up in an as comfortable position as possible.
I wonder how long it's been like this.
Why didn't I notice...?
Break... Does that mean I won't be me anymore? But will I be able to fix it...?
「It's okay...Shiona is Shiona...」
Ahaha... You know, right now... I'm a little scared...
「Shiona...Shiona...u...」
「Don't cry, Ray. If you do that, Tippie-chan's gonna laugh at you.」
Shiona's hand reaches out to my cheek.
What she brushed off with her fingertips was my second tear.
I don't want you to turn blue, Ray... I want you to always be soft and orange...
Sad.
An unthinkable sadness welled up in me.
It multiplied indefinitely in my mind, and I didn't know it would stay.
The more time passed, the deeper the sadness became.
Why am I sad?
Such an answer will come up soon.
because it's important.
She was an important existence to me.
There's no point in having the same-looking floyd appear right in front of me.
It's fine if it looks different.
If only you were the one inside.
Ray... I thought of you as a family member. I thought you looked like Onii-chan, but that's not all. I thought you were important to me"
family.
Even though there's no profit in it, we can trust each other and help each other without compensation.
It was ❛love. 
Before I knew it, it was the emotion I wanted.
Before I knew it, I'd realized that feeling.
It's always......always been given to me.
It's a natural feeling for someone who's been living with someone else.
What's wrong, Ray? Don't look so sad... Oh yeah, let's sing a song. We'll go to the plaza again... and everyone will be happy.
「......Shiona......?」
I made a promise with everyone. Ray gave me a smile. He made me happy.
It's a memory from when we were happy. Memories of the happy days we had in the town.
It's probably just a cloud in the memory area.
But......
... Yeah, let's sing. Everyone's looking forward to it"
I turned the handle of the music box on the floor.
The melody began to flow quietly.
Shiona smiles and closes her eyes to begin singing.
I closed my eyes and listened to her research.
It's not a long time, but the scenery of that town I spent time in.
A person walking along the street stops and turns to face me.
One by one, they gather in the plaza.
Children, the elderly, someone's mother, her husband, everyone in the town was smiling.
In order to get intoxicated by the melody that Shiona sings.
I'm sure that scene was a matter of course in the distant past.
Whether it was Human or Floyd, they lived their lives smiling, cuddling up to each other.
It's something we forgot......of course we lost it......
Hey, Ray... You've been smiling this whole time.
「...Yeah.」
”I don't care if you're sad or angry, but... smile afterward.”
Hey... If love has a shape, it must be round. After all, love never hurts anyone.
I held back my tears and laughed.
「Hey... If love has a temperature, then I'm sure it's warm. After all, love warms you up by wrapping it up.」
Yeah... I'm sure of it"
You're not sad because you have love. Love is something you protect, and it won't hurt you. I promise you that, no matter what happens, our love will protect you.
I shed too many tears, and felt pain in my eyes.
My vision distorts.
But even among them, I can clearly see Shiona's smile.
“So don’t cry. Love will always be with you. Love is eternal. You don’t have to cry. It’s eternal.”
I place my hand on Shiona's cheek.
It's warm, but I don't have much strength left.
It's like something's spilling out of a gap in my hand.
I knew what was spilling out.
But I didn't want to admit it.
I grip her hand tightly, hoping that it won't spill out.
I can hear a song.
It's a warm melody that Shiona's always been talking about.
It slips into the space in my heart, which had begun to darken, and fills it with warmth.
I'm sorry for leaving you all alone again"
”--! That's not true. That's not true!”
I wanted to scratch my own head.
I finally realized it now.
Shiona wasn't afraid of breaking. She was afraid of me being alone again.
「I... got a lot from you, Shiona...!」
「Ray?」
I hold Shiona's machine's hand with Human hands.
That's right. Until I met Shiona, I couldn't be a Human or a floyd.
You've always been there for me――I've become a Human.
「Shiona will always be inside me, not alone. Joy, sadness, anger... It's all yours. I'll never forget it.」
Aaah......it's no use, I have to laugh here.
I have to reassure Shiona, but my emotions won't allow that......
No matter how hard I try, tears well up in my eyes.
「So Shiona, don't look so sad. I'm fine. I'm sure I'll be fine.」
I see... That's good to hear.
Shiona nods in satisfaction.
「Huh...?」
Shiona's eyes narrow in bewilderment. As if pushed out by her eyelids, transparent drops begin to cover her eyes.
I'm sure that's not it"
With a trembling voice, I smile to reassure Shiona.
Now that I've become Human, I know what those tears mean.
Shiona smiles back at me, as if she's noticed it too.
”Tears... always flow when you're happy.”
Strength slowly leaves Shiona's body.
I wonder if I'm smiling.
I wonder if she's smiling so she doesn't get worried.
... See you later"
...Yeah, see you"
Hmph.
Shiona closed her eyes.
At that moment, Shiona had probably the most beautiful face I had ever seen.
After that, Shiona stopped opening her eyes.
Her gentle face looked like she was smiling.
As if praying for my happiness.
But there's no happiness in a world without Shiona.
The life I'm about to live in is hell itself.
I wonder if I can endure it?
...No, I have to endure it.
Her chest tightened to the point where it hurt.
All of my emotions creaked as they ran through my body.
Is my heart this fragile and weak?
Was losing someone precious to me really this painful and painful?
「Uah...... aah......!!」
My field of vision was stained white, and I cried out as if to destroy that world.
「Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa...!」
Shiona said.
It's true that Shiona's love may last forever.
But I couldn't stand it.
I know. This is how it feels.
Shiona gave it to me.
This pain, this sadness...
But that wasn't all.
The warmth that's barely left in my chest, and the memories of everyone proudly saying it was fun.
That's all Shiona gave me.
They're both mine now.
I'll never let go of either of them.
How much time had passed?
I wonder how much time Humans take to sort out their feelings.
I... I remember the time I met Shiona over and over again.
About the food we ate together.
When we woke up in the morning and exchanged greetings.
The two of us went shopping.
I went to the abandoned factory and worried her.
When the music box was fixed, she was very happy.
Singing a song in the town square, I was surrounded by a smile.
I made a promise...
I know the warmth.
I learned joy.
There were times when I felt anger.
I once shed tears of sorrow.
And then......she gave me love.
No......it was all love.
This tragedy was brought about by the foolishness of us Humans, who had lost that love.
Humans are hopelessly selfish.
I'm repeating the same thing......
Even so, she would need someone.
This is instinct. Even when I woke up here, I wanted to see Humans.
It's my instinct to want to walk while cuddling with someone.
I didn't even notice something that simple...
I looked at the cold sleeping device in front of me.
Some of them were still functioning normally, so I had Shiona and Tippie sleep in each of them.
It was originally intended for Humans, but with this, I should be able to suppress some of the aging.
I wanted to leave them behind, even if just a little.
I murmured in front of the pair, who looked like they were sleeping.
「Shiona...Tippie...I'm going.」
There was no answer.
There can't be.
But I continued.
I'm going on a journey. It's not a journey without a goal, so don't worry. I'm going to find a world where Humans and Floyd can coexist"
It was also a wish spoken of by that Human young man who had been eliminated.
If there was a world where Humans and Floyd could coexist, this sadness wouldn't occur.
As long as there's a world where Humans and Floyd can coexist, there's no greater joy.
That's why I'm going to go look for her.
”And if that world doesn't exist...”
She clenched her fist, as if to cover it with her bare hands.
No, there's no doubt about it. The world you all tried to leave for us Humans is definitely there"
It will be extremely difficult to find it.
but i have the knowledge that tippy gave me.
And there's the emotion Shiona gave me.
this world, there's a partner who keeps telling me love"
So, the journey from now on isn't a journey of despair.
I'm going to borrow this. I'll come back to return it someday"
In my hand is Shiona's brother's music box.
I turn the wheel in front of Shiona, who's asleep, and the melodious melody of peace fills the room.
I thought I heard her singing in time with the melody.
Well then, I'm off"
A world where Humans and Floyd can hold hands――
I took that first step.
Even so, I retained hopeful and continued to reach arms toward the light."
“Are you awake?”
“...Where am I...?”
”You've just woken up from your long slumber. Do you know your name?”
My name is......
MODA-177 Alice mk-17, manufactured by Also International. The unit name is not specified.
「Looks like the settings have been reset. You can stay Alice for a while.」
The man in front of me held out an old wooden box.
What's this..."
「It was in the same device you were sleeping with.」
I take the box. It feels very nostalgic.
I open the lid, and see a dull gold disk. I turn the handle that's coming out from the side of the box, and a clear sound starts playing.
A very beautiful melody flows through the metal comb, gently repelling it.
It's been played for a long time"
A melody that wasn't in my records.
And yet, it's so nostalgic, so warm, and warm inside my chest.
And at the same time...
Something hot fell out of my eyes.
「I've confirmed that your emotional functions have gone berserk. It may be necessary to maintain them.」
“No, there is no need for that. You should treasure those feelings. ...Knowledge was left behind, but it took me a while to recover the skills to make use of it. I’m sorry.”
The man spoke to me gently.
I feel a sense of nostalgia in her expression.
It's not in the records ......my memories......
「Anyway, let's go home once we're done with all the maintenance.」
Where are you going"
It's a town"
It was bright outside the facility.
The sky is blue and boundlessly high. White clouds drift slowly, drawing various shapes.
A warm air fills my artificial heart and lungs. A gentle wind gently caresses my hair.
It was a natural sight.
For some reason, I feel nostalgic in this ordinary world.
And... for some reason, I felt very sad.
I take the paved road by car.
The scenery you can see through the window is all beautiful.
The greenery was thick.
Small fish jumped on the surface of the beautiful stream.
In the sky, birds are twittering as they fly.
“All right, we're here.”
We arrive at a town surrounded by a white outer wall.
There were a lot of people there.
Humans and Floyd were spending their daily lives holding hands.
The sight made my eyes hot again.
I'm sorry, but there's still the possibility that your emotional functions may go out of control. Your chest rhythm pattern isn't normal either.
It's okay. I'm sure that's the right thing to do"
「Really? In that case, am I a defective product?」
No, you're perfectly normal. You're closer to a Human than any Phylloid"
Those words made me very happy as a Floyd.
But I don't understand why she'd say that.
I gazed at the town, which felt nostalgic.
In the corner of the plaza, Human children and child-shaped firoids were playing happily.
There's a photo shop over there. The owner of the Floyd's shop is taking pictures of the Human family with a smile.
In a sundries store far away, a Human was shopping, and the owner of a Floyd store was unsociable about it.
”Welcome back, Sensei.”
A very cute girl, Floyd, ran up to me.
「Hey, I'm back. Be a good girl, Dorothy.」
「Yeah! I made a lot of money while you weren't around, Sensei. Here.」
With a big smile on her face, the little girl showed me a picture she probably had painted.
The townsfolk were laughing in a circle.
The crayon painting was very warm, and just looking at it made my chest feel warm.
It's a painting that brings happiness to all who see it.
”Huh? You're...”
The girl looked up at me.
「Nice to meet you. I'm Alice. Nice to meet you.」
「Alice...? Hello, Alice. Dorothy's not here, so she's Dorothy.」
Yeah, I feel the same way"
Unregistered Floyd. If he doesn't have a main partner, then what should I do?
The man next to me tapped me on the shoulder, as if he had sensed my anxiety.
「What do you want to do?」
”I wonder what I can do...”
「Would you like to praise me, Alice?」
Yeah, you. Like this"
Dorothy closed her eyes and began singing.
It was a bit clumsy, but a song I'd heard before.
It's a song that's been sung for a long time. There's no one in the world who doesn't know it"
The man took out a music box from the car.
I opened the lid and turned the handle sticking out from the side of the box.
A clear sound was heard, and a gentle melody began to flow.
As if drawn to that melody, the townspeople gathered.
Everyone listened to the tone, and made a gentle expression.
I know this sight.
A memory area that should be pure white His memories, which were breathing a little deeper than that, gently hit my chest.
My mouth moved on its own.
That song, which was supposed to be my first time singing, had blended into my throat, lips... and my heart.
The melody of the music box filling the plaza takes me back.
Wow, it's so pretty. Jozu"
Yeah, this song... is very important to me"