The air moves.
The pale light that had enveloped me until then faded away.
Eventually, I saw a filthy ceiling.
Her right arm, which was extending towards that place, was slightly different from her left arm, which was also extending.
My right arm is made up of mechanical parts that are exposed from the wrist to the tip.
My fingers moved smoothly, but every time I did, the scraping sound of metal rang out slightly.
Then, I slowly raised my upper body.
And then I realized that the blue-and-white light that was reflected in my field of vision earlier was an oval lid with a gentle curve on it.
It looks like I was sleeping in this capsule.
I wonder where we are.
I wonder who I am.
I wonder why I'm here.
Even if I ask myself, I can't find the answer.
Even if I try to go back in time, all I can remember is the memory of a pale light.
I got out of the capsule and walked around the room in search of clues about my memories.
Even though she knew about the act of walking, her feet hadn't been able to move in a long time.
I walk slowly, paying attention so that I don't fall over.
The drifting air was lukewarm, and every time I took the air into my lungs, dust covered my throat.
The outside light was shining in through the hole in the ceiling, and the dust in the air was exposed along the line.
It's likely that no one has entered this building for a long time.
A thin layer of dust spreads at my feet.
I wonder what this place is for.
Countless oval capsules were scattered throughout the room.
Most of them are open.
It's empty.
Even though it's closed from time to time, there's nothing inside.
It looks like I'm the only one in this room.
――No, to be precise, that wasn't the case.
Some people are leaning against an oval object or lying on the floor.
But that's not it.
To be precise, it's not a person.
It's more accurate to say it's a humanoid object.
That human-shaped object was peeking under my skin.
Machine parts from the neck to the top.
The arm of the machine is bare.
The lower half of the body is torn off, and the mechanical part is visible.
That's when I remembered something about the humanoid object.
A Human partner made for Humans.
She's the closest thing to a Human, equipped with not only five senses, but emotions as well.
I reach out to Phyllod, who's stopped moving.
The bare hands, which weren't covered in skin, were very similar to my right hand.
This is a factory.
I was built here.
...For some reason, the facility was probably abandoned just before its completion.
While gazing at the right hand of the machine before it was covered in artificial skin, I concluded that it was the most likely possibility.
Understanding my own existence, I began walking toward the wall.
There was an old automatic door, and next to it was an LCD panel labeled CLOSE covered in dust"
I touch it with the machine's hand.
As soon as I felt something cold as electricity on my fingers, which weren't bleeding, the door opened OPEN"
I wonder if I can get out of here.
I wonder if anyone's left in this facility.
I wanted to see you.
I wanted to see Humans.
Let's go look for my partner.
I pushed open the door leading outside.
To prove my own existence.
When I returned home, I headed straight for the living room.
There was a broken music box.
I took the books I had borrowed from the library and studied its structure.
Just as I expected, the cog inside was ringing.
That's why, no matter how many times I turn the wheel, the disk won't turn and the sound won't flow.
...But what about these gears?
Is it possible to make it according to the size of the book? No, it's impossible.
Unable to answer, I continue on to the page of the book.
At the end of the volume, a list of each manufacturer's products and used parts were listed.
As I glanced through it, my eyes fell upon a certain place.
What I found out was that the manufacturer that made this music box was making clocks.
If that's the case, the exact parts might be the same as the clock's.
Suddenly, I remembered something I broke in Mud's shop.
That clock......if I'm going to throw it away without using it......
I might be able to fix the music box if I use the gears and other parts inside the clock.
Ray, what are you doing?
Shiona entered the living room at the same time as I could see the possibility of repairing it.
「Shiona, listen. You might be able to fix the music box with the clock parts from Mud-san's shop.」
Really? Really"
Shiona smiled happier than usual.
From that expression, I could feel Shiona's joy.
But don't overdo it. You can sing without a music box"
Shiona picked up the music box and began singing.
That song that I was singing in the chapel.
Somehow, that song brings back memories.
That song that warmed my heart.
As Shiona gazed at the music box lovingly, my resolve grew stronger.
I want to fix this music box.
And I want Shiona to be happy.
That feeling swelled up inside me.
I'm going to Mud's store again tomorrow.
I'll see if I can get my watch.
But there was one thing that bothered me.
That means I broke the clock.
I apologized, but it was still hard to go anywhere.
I was terrified when Mud yelled at me again.
I want to make lots of people smile with Onii-chan's song"
As I hesitated, Shiona's words reached me.
This song is orange... I'm sure it can make the hearts of many people orange. It's a song made to be wished for. That's Onii-chan's wish. That's why I want many people to hear this song. And I want to make many people smile. That's my wish"
Shiona spoke to herself.
Those words were my motivation.
Let's go to Mud's store again tomorrow.
And then, I apologized once again for breaking the clock.
I strengthened my resolve with Shiona's singing voice and the music box.
The next day, I visited Mad's shop alone.
I can't count how many times I wanted to turn back on the way.
Every time I thought that, it was Shiona's smile.
I want to see that smile forever.
I want to fix the music box for that purpose.
I thought back on yesterday's decision several times.
What I can do for Shiona.
I made up my mind and entered Mad's shop.
How did you come"
Immediately after, Mad's low, thunder-like voice poured down.
I wanted to run away right away, but I didn't.
I wanted to apologize for yesterday"
You mean the clock? I already apologized for that"
I was with Shiona at the time... so I thought I'd apologize to her alone"
I don't need that. Hurry up and go"
I can't do that. I'm really sorry for breaking my watch yesterday"
No matter how much you apologize, your watch is still broken. Go home"
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry"
I kept apologizing, still bowing.
How long had it been?
Eventually, Mad's soft voice reached me.
.. Raise your head"
As I did as she said, Mud's face looked somewhat exasperated.
Geez... what a bastard. You're so persistent"
I'm sorry...
Don't apologize anymore, I'll beat you up"
That's what she said, but it doesn't look like she's as angry as yesterday.
I thought I heard a small sigh.
Didn't you finish your business already? Hurry up and go home"
Umm... I have a favor to ask"
I'm begging you? You've got guts to ask me a favor"
My legs froze from the intimidation, but Shiona's words pushed me back.
Could you give that clock to me"
.. Say it again"
“Umm... Give me the watch from yesterday...”
Don't screw with meeeeeeeee!!"
It felt like a direct hit from a lightning bolt, so I froze in place.
You can break it yourself and pass it on, okay? Don't get carried away"
It's all over......
There's no more......
As I tried to run away, a voice came from behind me.
Wait, Mud. Ray just wants to fix my brother's music box.
There was Shiona, who was supposed to be waiting at home.
Shiona entered between me and Mud without hesitation.
My brother's music box is broken, and Ray says he'll fix it for me. I just want parts for that. I'm really sorry for breaking the clock yesterday. So, will you forgive me"
Shiona never stopped smiling and told Mad about it.
「Nn...nnnn...」
Mud's face was blushing red, but her expression gradually softened.
But you know, I don't have that clock anymore. I threw that thing away. It's just"
Mud turned his back to us, but continued to move his mouth.
「There's an abandoned factory on the outskirts of town. I don't know what happened after that.」
After saying that, Mud sat down facing the wall.
Mud, thank you very much.
Shiona left the store with a smile on her face.
“Th-Thank you very much...”
I bowed and left the store as well.
The abandoned factory is right next to where Ray was lying.
As soon as I left the store, Shiona told me.
Um, you're saying Shiona went to throw away trash"
That's right. There's trash gathering there from all sorts of places.
Could it be that you're fixing what you picked up from there and selling it here"
That's right. After all, Mud often goes to that place.
I see, so that's why there are a lot of old things in the store.
They must've brought something from that place and reused it.
Anyway, I decided to go to the abandoned factory.
Shiona, if you don't mind, I'd like you to guide me to that place"
I'm sorry, the red children are coming to my house today"
It's probably about those girls who were talking to Shiona yesterday.
Come to think of it, I promised to treat her to some soup.
But Ray, you can't do this alone. You're going to turn down your promise to the children"
No, it's okay, Shiona. Keep your promise"
But, how do you get there"
I'll go to the library. I want to know about this area, and I want to look at the map"
「Library...」
Shiona's expression seemed a little clouded.
Eh...? No, it's nothing. ...Hey, Ray. Do you like Ray"
I don't know. I don't think she hates me, but why"
No, it's nothing. If you're looking for the library, I'm sure you'll find a map. Have a safe trip"
Yeah, I'll do that. See you later"
I turned around and headed for the library.
At that moment, Shiona's smile seemed to be filled with sadness.
But I don't know why.
Ray, you came.
Tepy was crying in the same place as yesterday.
Yeah, I'm here. Hey, Tippy, can I ask you something"
Is there a map of the town in this library"
Yeah, there are. There are a lot of them"
That's good. Will you show me the map"
It's okay, but... but...
Somehow, Tippy doesn't know what to do.
No, that's not it... that's not it, but...
Would you play with me"
Tippy's face turned a little red.
Her sad expression didn't change, but her cheeks seemed to soften a little.
.. Dakko? The one you did yesterday"
Yeah... can't"
It's not no good. Come on, come on"
“Yeah... yeah...”
When I opened my hand, Tippy stood up and jumped into my chest as if hesitating.
Unlike yesterday, I hold her in my arms.
However, my thoughts are the same.
I hugged Tippy. She was still small, soft, and fragile.
Tippie, is this okay"
Yeah, it's okay. Ray... it's warm"
Tippy rubs her cheeks against my chest.
That gesture warmed my heart.
Could it be that this is the feeling of being beloved?
I want to protect this girl.
I want to stop these tears.
For a while, I hugged Tippy.
Hey, stay over there like this"
Tippy pointed her fingers at the passage in my chest.
Holding it up, I headed in the direction indicated by my fingertips.
Why is Chizu here?
「There's an abandoned factory near town. I wanted to go there.」
Why are you doing this"
There might be parts you're looking for"
Did you see him yesterday"
Yeah, that's right. I want to fix Shiona's music box no matter what"
“Shiona... I see. I hope you find it.”
With me still holding her, Tippy went to the bookshelf where the books on the map were stored.
Could it be that you remember which books are there"
Yeah, about"
Amazing... Did someone teach you that"
No. While you're waiting for your father and mother, you're alone"
When I said 'Father' and 'Mom', Tippy cried a little.
Umm... this"
To change the subject, I took out a map book.
I sit down and open the book.
Just like the music box book, the map was also handwritten.
Could it be that all the books in this library were handwritten?
If that's the case, it's quite a lot.
Who on earth wrote such a large number of books by hand?
I felt like I was going to lose focus on that task, which required an endless amount of time.
It's pretty worn out... How long ago was this book"
Umm... I don't get it. It's the same as always"
It looked like a map from decades ago.
It looks like the building itself is the same as it is now....
The pages had become incredibly faded, as if they were spilling black tea.
Some of them were glued to each other, and felt like they'd be torn if you turned them over.
I proceed carefully on the page.
Ah, could it be this"
I found a map of the factory on the north side of town.
Judging from the direction of Shiona's house, it's likely this is the place.
Ray... are you going? Don't go...
Tippy clung to my neck.
I patted her small back with my hand over and over.
Don't worry, I'll come again"
“Really? Will you come again?”
Yeah, of course. I promise"
Come again sometime, okay"
Yeah. Definitely"
I promised Tippy over and over again.
I wonder why.
Even so, I was reluctant to leave.
My desire to always be by Tepy's side is boiling inside me.
I hid my feelings and left the library.
When we entered the abandoned factory relying on a map, the smell of oxidized oil came to my nose.
This factory used to be a factory that made floyds' arms and legs.
There are parts of the phyloid's arms and legs lying around.
All of them were made before they were exposed to artificial skin, and the parts of the machine were exposed.
Looking closely, I can tell it's made the same as my right hand.
Even though I knew it was a fake, this scene was bizarre.
I used my right hand to move my fallen arm away.
A sad sound of metal colliding echoed throughout the factory.
If something happens to my body, I'll come here.
In this case, there's a mountain of replacement parts.
A number of oil drums filled with oxidized oil were lying in the back.
It's mostly oxidized, but there's also unopened oil inside.
Even if we run out of oil, we'll be able to perform maintenance here without being noticed.
The more I move through the factory, the less trouble I've caused in the back of my head.
This abandoned factory is going to be an important place for me.
But I can't find anything important.
It was, of course, the clock that Mud had thrown away here.
But this factory doesn't have a clock or anything that looks like trash.
Could it be that the trash has been thrown outside instead of inside the factory?
I decided to leave the factory and go around the area.
Then, we were able to find an area where mechanical parts were piled up behind the factory.
It's not just mechanical parts, but also a lot of trash.
This must be the garbage dump in this town.
Besides Mud, I'm sure some of them brought something that might be useful from here.
Looking up at that mountain many times taller, that's what I thought.
.. I wonder where it is"
There's quite a lot of garbage.
It takes a lot of effort to find it on a steady basis.
But there was no other way.
I immediately started searching at my feet.
I don't know how long it took.
My sense of time had long since disappeared.
I moved all the mud-covered metal plates and oil-soaked containers, so my hands were stained with mud.
Oil adhered to her clothes, and before I knew it, there were a lot of stains on them.
After that, I crossed the garbage carpet, swam across the filthy river, and was hit by a waterfall of scrap.
And then, I finally found it.
It was in Mud's shop.
I broke it yesterday.
That clock.
I picked it up and stared at the needle on the board.
Of course, it's not moving.
I put my ear to the main body, but there was no sound.
It's only natural because I broke it.
This clock will never be ticked again.
That fact pierced the depths of my heart.
I gently hugged the clock and decided to head home.
Shiona greeted me gently.
I'm home. Here it is"
When I held out the spoils of war stained with oil, Shiona smiled softly.
Really, thank you. Come on, change your clothes"
Shiona had prepared a towel and a change of clothes.
I wipe off the dirt, finish changing, and head to the living room.
Shiona welcomed me there again.
Rei, you're tired, aren't you? Eat and rest"
No, I'm fine. I want to get to work right away"
Are you okay? I'm worried about Ray's body.
I'm fine. I'm strangely not feeling tired right now"
But, if I don't eat...
Yeah, I know. I'll eat later, so eat first"
.. Okay, got it. Good luck"
Shiona left the living room.
After seeing her off, I started working.
I open the book I borrowed from the library.
In this music box, by turning the wheel, gears of various sizes, large and small, are intricately intertwined, and the disk rotates at a fixed speed.
It doesn't seem like the faster the song gets if you turn it quickly.
I thought it was a very amazing skill.
I take apart the music boxes, one by one, by following the instructions in the book about how to assemble them.
Then, when I compared the parts in order, I realized that the gears carrying the power were broken.
If something moves with precision, just one small part becomes useless, and it stops moving?
I instinctively looked at my right hand.
For now, let's search the clock for anything as big as this broken gear.
I began to take apart the clock.
I take off the lid and use the screwdriver to undo the screw.
I take the cover off and expose the inside.
The gears are much more precise than the music box.
One of them had broken a slightly larger gear shaft. Because of that, the parts had stopped working.
This must be where I broke it yesterday.
The fact that Mud threw this clock away meant that it wasn't the same size as this gear.
Luckily, the broken gear wasn't the size needed for the music box.
I don't feel like taking things apart.
After all, I'm breaking this clock to fix the music box.
Is that because she understands what I'm like?
I hesitated, but at the very least, I took apart the clock as carefully as I could.
I line the gears up on the table, starting with the small ones, and compare them to the ones on the music box.
.. There it is"
I found a gear of roughly the same size.
All that's left is to follow the book and transfer it to the music box.
I think it's all right now...
With this, the disk should work without any problems.
I put the lid back on it and turned the handlebars.
But I can't turn the wheel anymore.
I wonder why.
I read the book again.
There's no problem with the parts or the position to put them in.
Twisting my head, I undo the lid again.
And then, I turned the wheel.
It's true that the gears match perfectly.
However, because it hadn't been used in a while, the oil had dried up completely.
That's probably why the steering wheel isn't working.
What should I do?
Should I go to Shiona and borrow some cooking oil?
...No, that's a problem too.
There's probably a difference between cooking oil and lubricating gears.
It might work at first, but it might cause a malfunction.
So, what should I do...?
Suddenly, I looked at my right hand.
It's covered in gloves, but underneath it are the bare mechanical parts.
How about using the oil in my hand?
I take off my gloves and carefully look at my right hand.
The exposed mechanical parts.
Oil is embedded inside to move the part smoothly.
I inserted the driver into the palm near the base of my thumb.
When I removed the exterior, it was packed full of mechanical devices such as wires, cylinders, and shafts.
Oil is contained in one of the cylinders.
And it had become an old oil changeable.
I removed the cylinder with my left hand and hung the oil that was filling it on the top of the gear in the music box.
I stretched the oil as far as I could to fit in with all the gears with my fingers.
Will it work?
I put the cylinder back in my right hand and turned it off.
I hid the machine's arm with my gloves and turned the handlebars timidly.
At first it was awkward.But as I turned the wheel, a gear ran through it to lube it.
Oil must have run through the cracks in all the gears, and the steering wheel kept turning without getting caught.
And then, that melody began to play.
Rei, that song..."
Shiona suddenly entered the room.
Yeah. It's fixed, Shiona"
Thank you... Thank you, Ray. Thank you... I'm really, really happy"
Shiona showed me a smile I'd never seen before.
Just looking at her smile warmed my heart.
And then I realized.
Oh, here it is.
So this is the feeling of happiness.
I'm happy now.
She was happy to see Shiona's smile.
And then, for the first time, I felt that I was useful.
Thank you, Ray. Thank you.
Shiona took my hand and thanked me many times.
I felt my face get hot as I approached her face.
Thanks to Ray's efforts, the music box has been repaired. You can listen to that song again, which I had given up on. This orange song that Onii-chan wrote. This song that I love"
Hey, Shiona, sing. Let's hear your brother's song"
“Yes... Of course!”
I turned the music box handle.
Shiona put her hands together in front of her chest and began singing along to the melody.
The song we were singing when we met.
The song Shiona's older brother composed.
An orange song.
I think I know what that means now.
The emotions in my heart are joy.
Shiona's song.
And Shiona sings happily.
Just looking at her, I was filled with joy.
Shiona was singing the piece with more joy than usual.
On that day, Shiona had been singing until she fell asleep.
I listened to her voice and tones as well.
Over and over again, Shiona asked me to play the song.
Shiona had been singing to the point where she couldn't move her arms anymore.
That expression made me think.
I want to be with Shiona like this forever.
If Shiona wished for that, I could be with her forever.
But in order to do that, my true identity must never be revealed.
Never, never......
I made up my mind to be with Shiona that day.
The room had gotten dark at night.
Shiona spoke to me on the two beds.
Will you listen to my request"
Hey, I want everyone to hear this song. And I want to make it smile. I want to make everyone happy with this song you wrote"
I know what she's saying.
But I didn't know what it was.
Is that a state of affairs?
Or was it emotion?
I thought about the word happiness many times in my mind.
And then, I want you to help me"
Help? What should I do"
Tomorrow, I want you to go to the plaza with me. And I want you to turn the music box around"
That's why you're singing, Shiona"
Yes, that's right. And I want as many people as possible to hear that orange song you wrote, Onii-chan"
Yeah, that's what I want to do too. Of course I'll help"
I heard the sheets scraping.
「What's wrong, Shiona?」
Hey, Ray... Can I hold your hand?
I couldn't see Shiona's expression in the darkness.
But it felt like Shiona's face was turning red.
A hand? With me"
Yeah, you want to connect with Ray... no good..."
I search through knowledge.
I know holding hands.
But what would that mean if it was a man and woman of her age...?
“No, it's okay...”
If Humans... if Shiona wants me to, I want to respond.
Fortunately, she's on my left.
I don't think there's a problem with the hand that's covered in artificial skin.
I extend my hand to the bed next to her.
My hand felt a little chilly in the cold room.
I look for Shiona's hand in midair.
A touch of warmth.
Shiona's hands overlapped mine.
It's warm, Ray"
Yeah... It's warm, Shiona"
We hold hands.
I intertwined my fingers somehow.
It wasn't just the warmth coming from my hand, but warmth as well.
Is this the warmth of a Human, different from the warmth of my creation...?
Ray... harder"
「...like this...?」
Sorry, did it hurt"
No... I was just stronger than I thought"
Are you okay with this strength"
Yeah... Thanks, Ray"
We held hands all night.
We were still holding hands until the morning woke us up.
The next day, the plaza was filled with noises.
The melody that Shiona and I started playing.
Shiona sang.
I'm spinning Shiona's brother's music box.
At first, there were no pedestrians.
However, as if drawn to Shiona's singing voice, the number increased.
One or two of us stop walking, and a small circle forms.
The circle quickly grew larger, and the plaza, which had been quiet, became a bustling place in the blink of an eye.
Everyone there listened to Shiona's voice.
The young couple leaned closer and held each other's hands.
The old man closed his eyes deeply moved.
The young man stared at a woman a short distance away.
The young parents and their children laughed happily.
The children were moving their bodies to the tune of the song.
Each was listening to Shiona's song with their own feelings.
But there was one thing in common.
That means everyone is smiling"
Everyone laughed as they listened to Shiona's song.
I felt a warmth deep in my heart from the feeling that I was helping the people here smile.
This is the feeling of happiness.
The emotion I felt when I saw Shiona's smile yesterday.
That's exactly what happened.
I'm happy.
I felt my cheeks go up a little.
I'm sure I'm smiling, too.
It might look a little clumsy.
But that doesn't matter.
As long as I'm a little closer to Shiona, I'm satisfied with just that.
The music box, which I had just fixed, continued to play the melody without incident.
The handlebars are in good shape.
The sound coming from the disk echoes inside the wooden box, amplified, and becomes a clear sound as it goes outside.
According to Shiona, it was an orange melody.
Shiona sang to that melody.
I wished for this time to continue forever.
This is the time to make people smile.
And I wanted to watch Shiona sing happily the whole time.
All of a sudden, my eyes turned to the library on the outskirts of town.
Because it felt like the closed curtains shook a little.
For a moment, I could see a small figure.
I know who that is.
That blue girl who was always crying.
It's Tippy.
I'm sure she is still crying.
In that lonely library――
Just thinking that made my heart ache a little.
It was as if a thorn had been stabbed.
I wonder how Tippy felt when she gazed at this circle.
The circle of smiles continued to spread.
Everyone there was smiling and sharing the same feeling.
I noticed that there was one of them with a frown on his face.
The man crossing his arms with his angry shoulder is Mad-san.
There was an emotion called angry on his face"
Suddenly, I noticed something in Mud's eyes that I still don't know about.
It was less than a second ago.
Mud quickly snorted back and disappeared into the crowd.
Seeing that figure, I thought...
I want to make everyone smile.
The two expressed sadness and anger.
I want to make Tippy and Mud smile.
But what should I do?
I kept thinking about that as I turned the music box handle.
After the song was over, I went to Mad's store by myself.
Because I couldn't help but notice that frown on my face.
As usual, I timidly stepped into the dark and creepy store.
There are no guests.
Mud's just sitting in a cash register chair.
But something's wrong.
Unlike before, she hadn't returned to her chair.
She's just staring at the small square chip in her hand.
Her expression was as harsh as ever, but there was also a hint of loneliness floating around.
Umm... Mud?
Mud hid the tip in the palm of his hand in a panic as he spoke.
Wh-Whoa, what do you want? Why did you come in on your own"
It's a store, so you're free to enter as you like"
「Don't screw with me! You insolent bastard entering the store without my permission!!」
She's saying something very unreasonable.
「But if Mud-san didn't notice me coming in, he must've been really focused on that chip.」
It's about the chip hidden in your palm"
I'm not hiding anything like that!!"
“But I saw it. If you're not hiding it, open your hand and look inside...”
Shut up, get out! And don't ever come again!!"
I was kicked out of Mud's shop.
She came here to make Mud smile, but she's doing the opposite with all her might.
Shiona was waiting for me in front of the store.
Her smile warmed my heart a little.
“Huh? Why is Shiona here?”
I was worried about where Ray was going, so I came after him"
I came here to make Mud smile. But I made him mad again...
「A smile for Mud-san...? That's a very difficult thing to do. So don't worry about it. It's normal for Mud-san to get mad.」
But today, I felt more angry than usual"
More than usual? Did something happen"
I don't really get it, but I heard about the chip.
「......chip?」
「Yeah, it's a square chip that fits in the palm of your hand. Mud-san's staring at it......」
I made a shape of the chip Mud was holding with my fingers.
Shiona's eyes widened a bit, as if she had an idea of where that chip might be.
Did you hear about that chip?
“That's right. Then he suddenly got angry―”
Yeah, yeah, I see. Ray, that can't be helped"
Oh well? What do you mean"
That chip is Mud's treasure.
「Mud-san's treasure? What's inside?」
There should be a movie made by Mud's son.
Your son's movie? Mud-san's son is a movie director?
Yeah, that's right. Although, I haven't come back from this town since I left a long time ago"
Shiona said that as she looked at the store.
She looked troubled, but she didn't break her smile......with a mysterious expression mixed with those two emotions.
But, why are you just staring at the chip? You should watch a movie"
That's impossible. There's no equipment in this town that can play that chip"
In that case, Mad-san, you want to see it, but you can't, so are you gazing at it like that?
I'm sure she is. She's shy, so she won't say it"
At that moment, I thought of something.
How to make Mad smile, who's always frowning at me, when he's only mad at me.
No, it's nothing. Shiona, there's something I want to stop by first"
Where do you want to go...?
Yeah, there's something I want to investigate"
.. Library"
I felt like Shiona had a surprised expression on her face.
I wonder if she's worried about me, since I'm still not used to the town.
I'll make sure it's not too late"
Trying to ease the burden on Shiona's heart, I spoke clearly.
Shiona opened her mouth as if she wanted to say something, but she quickly closed it.
And then, once. She bit her lip lightly for a moment, then smiled.
..Okay. Be careful, Ray"
I parted ways with Shiona in front of Mud's store and started walking around town alone.
The library was as dim as ever, and the atmosphere stagnated.
I went straight through the maze-like building without hesitation.
To the blue girl, who was always crying――
Ray, you came.
When Tippy saw me, she stood up and ran up to me.
I gently embraced her small body.
Yeah, I promised"
Thank you, Ray. I'm happy"
Tippy's face is buried around my stomach.
I could feel tears running down my clothes.
「Tippie, what were you doing?」
It's a marble. Come over here, Ray"
Holding onto my hand, I walked away, guided by Tippy.
There was drawing paper and crayons lying at the place where Tippy was sitting.
There is a picture on the drawing paper.
Did Tippy draw this"
Yeah. I'm drawing one at a time"
Saying that, Tippy resumed painting.
I look into the picture.
There was a picture of a girl singing and a boy spinning a music box.
“Teehee, could this be...”
It's Ray and Shiona. They're singing in the plaza"
As I thought, Tippy was watching us through the curtains.
When I thought about the sight of Tippy staring at us alone, for some reason, my heart ached.
Rei, what's wrong? Is something wrong"
The girl's eyes were filled with sorrow.
I put my hand on Tippy's head, as if to comfort her feelings.
Don't worry, it's nothing. You're a very good painter"
Yeah... Thank you, I'm happy"
When I patted her head, Tippy approached me in a friendly manner.
But her face was fleeting and sad――
I really wanted to see her smile.
I said I draw one each day. Do you have any other pictures"
Yeah, I do. Ray, come over here"
Tippy stood up and took my hand to the back of the library.
The picture was there.
There were a number of pictures pasted on the lower part of the wall, probably on display by Tippy herself.
This is what happened yesterday, this is what happened before, this is what happened before"
Tippy explained to me one by one.
A picture of a girl holding hands with a young man.
A young man and another girl visited the girl.
And a picture of a girl crying alone.
Oh, I see.
This is Tippy's picture diary.
After that, there were pictures of girls crying alone.
Since I came here, Terry hasn't been alone.
The girl's expression in the picture seemed to soften up a little.
I'm sure that's just Tippy's emotions.
However, it was nothing more than a feeling of sadness.
I wanted to make this girl smile, too.
I wonder what I can do for that.
I can't think of an answer.
The only thing I can say for sure is that I want to be by her side like this.
Hey, Ray, what kind of books did you come here for today"
With a sad expression on her face, Tippy pulled on her sleeve and looked up at me.
I'm looking for a device that can project images... Do you have any books that can tell that"
Yeah, I do. Let's go somewhere else"
“Will you show me the way?”
Yeah, it's fine. Yes"
And so, Tippy spread her arms wide.
The teddy bear in my right hand hangs in midair.
Put it out"
I picked up Tippy.
Just like before, she rubbed her cheek against my chest.
That way, Ray"
I began to guide her to the book she was looking for.
That book was on the second floor of the library――
It's a corner of a shelf where all sorts of materials about images from all ages and places, such as projectors and projectors, are gathered.
I'm sure this is it"
All the books on the shelf were handwritten, just like the ones on the music box and the map.
However, there are quite a few types of projectors, such as film projectors and discs.
What kind of things are you looking for"
It's something that can display a chip of this size, do you understand"
I'm going to make Mud's chip with my fingers.
Hmmm... I'm not sure? I'm just not sure if I should"
The corners... were like they were missing on a diagonal... I think.
I didn't look at it very closely, so I couldn't say it with confidence.
But even though Tippy was small, she nodded.
Is that the chip Mud has on him?
Yeah, it's Mud's chip.
I was surprised that Tippy knew Mud, but since she was the owner of a general store in this town, there was nothing strange about it.
Shiona knew about Mud's chip, and everyone in town might know about it.
And it's probably a well-known fact that Mud is stubborn and doesn't want to look inside.
Umm, ...in that case... this"
Tippy stood on her tiptoes and pointed at a book on the very last shelf she could reach.
Amazing, Tippy. You really do remember the locations of all the books"
Eheheh. I was praised"
Tippy pressed her face against my stomach.
While patting her head, I picked up the book and checked its contents.
It's more like an instruction manual than a book.
'The Mumme Company's projector'- It details the types of media and chips that can be played back.
The internal structure and wiring were also carefully written down.
It's like a projection-type regeneration machine that can project the contents recorded on portable chips onto screens and white walls.
If we can find this device, we can show Mad the movie on the chip.
「Thank you, Tippy. I found the information I wanted.」
.. Are you going to cum again"
Tepey looked up at me with a sad expression.
.. Yeah, sorry"
No, don't go"
Was she trying to stop me from leaving the scene?
Tippy hugged me.
That innocent warmth shakes my resolve.
But I have to go.
I want Mud to be happy for now.
I want to see Mud's smile.
I promise, Tippy. I'll definitely come again tomorrow"
“Tomorrow? Seriously?”
Yeah, it's true. I'll do it"
.. Won't you disappear"
Yeah, I won't disappear. I'll definitely come to see you every day"
.. Okay. I'll be waiting"
I left the blue girl, Tepy, in the hopes that she'd be able to pull my hair back.
You're here again?! What are you doing here?!!!"
Mud greeted me as soon as I came to the store.
I want to run away.
I want to cover my ears.
But I didn't do that.
Because I wanted Mud's feelings to come true.
「Mud-san, I have a favor to ask. Please lend me your son's chip.」
It's that chip that your son's movie is on"
Why do I have to lend it to you? Don't screw with me!!"
Please... please"
「Stop bothering me already! I'm bothering you!」
I... I want to be of service to Mad-san!!
A role"
The sharper Mud's eyes began to feel fear, and her throat shriveled.
The movable part of my knees no longer holds any strength, making me feel light and fluffy.
I want to run away right now......but I can't hesitate here.
Shiona told me about that chip. She said she left town to become a film director for her son. That movie was sent to her by her son, right? But we couldn't see it for a long time without it, right"
I run my mouth as fast as I can to suppress my fear.
Mud looked at me with a surprised look on his face, as if he was being pushed by that force.
I went to the library earlier to see what kind of equipment I can use to play it back"
Did you... go to the library..."
Mud looked even more surprised at the word library.
Yes... I'll look for a device that can recover that chip. Even if the regeneration machine is broken, I'll fix it. If I can't find it, I'll make it by connecting various parts together"
Why are you going that far? This has nothing to do with you"
It might not have anything to do with it. But that's what I want to do"
「I want to be of service to Mud-san......that's all. So, please」
The silence continued.
Is this an affirmative silence, or is it――
“He was the worst idiot.”
Mud sat down in a chair and looked up at the ceiling.
And then, with a sad expression on her face, she started talking to me.
All I did was fight with her.
When we meet, all we can do is fight.
That's why she has been avoiding me ever since.
No, maybe I was the one who was avoiding it.
Anyway, we don't see each other much anymore.
That's why I was surprised when he said he had something to talk about.
I'm leaving this town"
“Get out of town? What are you talking about?”
I'm going to leave this town to become a movie director. I really like movies"
Don't talk about nothing but dreams. Just look at reality. It's impossible for someone like you to be the director. There's no way you can do that"
Don't decide it's impossible! You won't know until you try"
I understand, I'm your father. No one's going to watch a movie about a director without talent"
There are people who acknowledge me! They've even produced results! You just won't admit it"
I can't dream if I'm in a town like this"
This town? Say it again"
I'll tell you as much as you want. I can't stand living in a place like this my whole life"
“You... cut it out...”
I'll tell you as much as you want! You're afraid of changing!
I've been doing the same thing every day since my mother died――
I hit him without thinking.
..That's how I always do it. I'm already exhausted"
.. Okay, get out"
Yeah, I'll do that. Keep doing the same thing here forever"
My son left home.
Ever since then, she hasn't even contacted me.
The only thing I gave you was this movie on the chip.
How do you expect me to look at things that don't have recycling equipment?
I can't forgive her for being so selfish.
I don't want to see this movie.
I don't want to see his face anymore.
Mud was unusually talkative. I was surprised.
The more I hear about those feelings, the more I feel.
If Mud really doesn't like his son, there's no need to keep a chip that can't be regenerated forever.
If your son didn't like Mud, he wouldn't have sent me his own movie.
I'm sure Mad would love to see this movie.
I think he sent that chip to Mud with some kind of feeling.
That's why I want to show Mad this movie.
I bowed my head again.
Please! Please lend me your tip!
Mud silently came over to me.
I was prepared to get yelled at, but I didn't feel afraid anymore.
But more importantly, I wanted to do something useful for Mud's sake.
But Mud handed me the chip in his hand.
Do whatever you want"
I stared at the chip I'd received.
It was an electronic device that covered a metal core with organic glass and glittered with rainbow-colored light.
It was also in my knowledge.A general-purpose chip that was used to back up my memories.
It has become the world standard, and most manufacturers adopted this format.
This might be possible even without a Mumme projector.
I gripped the chip and bowed my head to Mud.
An abandoned factory on the outskirts of town.
I stepped into the pile of trash behind it.
If Mud-san's chip was to be recycled, I didn't think there was anyone else in this abandoned factory.
If it had been inside the town, it would have been revived a long time ago.
There's a lot of equipment mixed in with the trash.
The wiring is broken, and it's rusty.
As far as I could tell, they were all useless.
It's unlikely that there's a projector in this place. But I think we'll be able to find some kind of part such as the base.
Like I said to Mud, I'll put the parts together so that I can regenerate the chip.
This is the only place I can rely on.
If we don't do something about it now, Mud's expression will always be the same.
I won't let that happen.
I don't want that to happen.
With that in mind, I cut down the mountain of scrap.
But no matter how much I search, I can't find the device I'm looking for.
I'm sure Mud's been looking for her before.
No... Maybe Mud's still looking for her.
Shiona said Mud fixed what he had picked up at the junkyard and sold it at the general store.
His true objective was probably to find a projector to regenerate his son's chip.
If that's the case, I wonder how Mud feels......
She picked up something else instead of the projector......what was she thinking when repairing it......?
I broke Mad's watch.
Aaah......I see......that's why Mud got mad.
That clock was in the process of trying to get back what was important to Mud.
That's just speculation, but I want it to be that way.
If that's the case, I doubt I'll be able to find what Mud has been looking for all this time.
Even so, I won't give up.
Finding the projector should atone for my sins against Mud-san for breaking the clock...
It was when I dragged the equipment that was bigger than my body.
I feel something strange in my right hand.
It felt so strange......that the joints in my fingers were moving awkwardly.
Did the oil run out, or did something go wrong?
It might not be a good idea to keep working like this.
I couldn't stop my hand from moving.
I'm sure Mud is looking for something within reach.
I looked up at the pile of iron piled up far taller than my height.
I'm lighter than Mud, so I might be able to climb it.
Just as I thought that, I began to climb unmaintained stairs.
I could feel water splashing against my back.
I looked up at the sky, and saw a large rain pouring down on me.
Ray, let's stop.
I heard a voice from below my feet.
When I turned around, Shiona was there.
She's looking up at me, soaked in the rain.
It's raining. At this rate, you'll catch a cold"
Don't worry, I'll look around a bit more, thanks"
Even if you can't find it, Mud will be happy because you worked so hard.
I'm fine, Shiona. Just a little longer"
I continued my work.
Shiona spoke to me from behind.
But you're already wet. Let's stop. You're tired, right? No one will blame you if you give up"
Calm her down.
I'm worried about your body. Let's stop it. It'll be sad if you get hurt, Ray. ...It's important to give up"
There might be another way, so let's go home for today. I'm preparing the orange Powa Powa Soup"
Let's go home... Ray, let's go home... Hey, Ray... I'm worried, Ray"
Even so, I continued.
I continued my search, unable to stop the falling rain.
I pulled out a rotting iron plate.
At that moment, an avalanche of small scraps occurred.
I retreated away from the scrap that was piercing my feet with a roar.
Watch out, Ray!
I turned around with Shiona's voice, and a mountain of scrap that was pouring down from behind flew into my eyes.
The mountain behind me had an avalanche as well.
As I was about to be swallowed up, I managed to run up the fallen scraps.
After a while, the avalanche calmed down, and only the sound of rain remained around.
Are you okay, Ray? Are you hurt"
Yeah, somehow... it was dangerous.
“It's true... I'm glad you're safe...”
Shiona let out a sigh of relief.
I stood up to prove that I was safe.
Ah... Ray, that's"
Shiona opened her eyes wide and pointed at my feet.
A pile of scrap that collapsed earlier.A familiar piece of equipment was there.
It's the same equipment as the one in the book that Tippy showed me.
I dug it up and looked at the surface of the vessel, where it said mumes in hoarse letters"
「There it is...Shiona, here it is! There it is!」
I lifted it up and held it high so that it looked like Shiona.
The water that had accumulated inside flowed out just as it tilted.
I did it, I did it, Shiona! I finally found it! Now I can get Mud to watch the movie"
「Yeah, but...I think that machine is broken...」
Eh"
When Shiona told me that, I brought my hand in front of me, which was holding the device.
It's true that the device we found--the Mumm Corporation's projector was clearly damaged"
There's no part of the lens needed to project it.
There was also a big crack in the upper part, and when I looked inside, the foundation inside was full of rust.
I can't project a movie with this.
That's too bad... Ray, let's go home already"
She held out Shiona's hand.
I put my hand on hers.
That warmth warmed my hand, which was cold from the rain.
By the time I got back to town, the rain had stopped.
Even so, my heart never clears.
Will she really be able to repair the projector she's holding with both hands?
I felt like fixing it, but now that I'd seen this mess, my resolve wavered.
What's wrong? You're soaking wet like that"
I was called to a halt on my way back to the church.
When I turned around, I saw the owner of the photo studio who had taken my picture before.
I was just looking for something"
Something you're looking for...? I see. So, did you find what you're looking for"
“Yes... But...”
Is something wrong"
We found it, but it's broken and we can't use it"
Shiona answered in place of me, who was feeling down.
I see. That's too bad. By the way, what did you want to use that for"
「Actually...I wanted to regenerate the chip Mud has on him.」
「Mad's? That's the tip your son sent you.」
「......yes. I want to make Mud-san happy......」
Is that what you really want to do"
The director asked me gently, but still, as if to try it out.
Yes, of course"
I answered without hesitation.
Madd-san... you're always making an angry face, and you look like you're having a hard time. I'm sure you'll smile if something happens. I think people will be happy if they laugh. And I think other people will be happy if they see it"
After saying that much, I looked at Shiona.
I... learned that from Shiona"
Shiona looked surprised at my words, but she quickly smiled.
Yeah, it's this expression.Someone's smile makes everyone around us feel happy.
The moment Shiona smiled at me, my heart warmed up.
I see... Can you show me that"
The director pointed at the projector I was holding. I silently held out my broken equipment.
The owner of the photo shop looked around the equipment carefully.
I see, this is inhuman. There's too many things I can't fix"
The director, who usually takes care of the camera, told me that, and I felt like I was going to lose my mind.
The director smiled wryly as he returned the projector to me, as if he noticed my dejected presence.
Ray, let's hurry home, okay? You'll catch a cold"
That's right. It'd be bad for your health if you were soaked by the rain. For now, you should go home and get changed"
The director's going to be troubled any more than this.
Even if I'm fine, Human Shiona will catch a cold.
Holding the projector in our arms, we bowed to the director and headed for the church.
When I returned to the church, Shiona wiped my head with a soft towel.
Gently, softly, carefully, so as not to rub it.
That's a shame, isn't it"
..Yeah, but it was originally a junkyard, so it's only natural that it's broken"
I should be able to tell just by thinking about it. And yet, I wished for a convenient development.
If you wish, you'll be fine.If you work hard, you'll definitely get results.
I realized that reality wasn't that naive.
It can't be helped. Ray did his best, so no one's going to complain"
But... But, I wanted to show Mud a movie.
Yeah... Ray, you're so kind"
It's not about kindness or anything like that. It's just that I think it's my duty"
「But Mad-san will be happy just from that feeling. That's enough.」
“I hope so...”
For now, let's warm up, okay? I'll bring you a drink that'll make your body and mind feel at home"
She folded the towel that had wiped my head and smiled as she headed towards the kitchen.
I sighed as I sat down on the chair.
I looked at the broken projector on the table.
...No, there was no point in getting depressed.
Even if it's broken, it's still progressing a little since nothing happened.
If I could just fix this projector little by little, I should be able to play the chip someday.
The book I borrowed from Tippy contained a method of disassembling it for maintenance.
If we untie them in order, we should be able to fix them.
All we need to do is search that factory one by one for missing parts.
I want Mud to smile. I want him to show me a look of joy like Shiona when the music box is fixed.
I made up my mind to fix the projector.
Just then, I noticed the church's main hall was bustling with activity.
Excuse me"
When I opened the door and peeked in, I saw the owner of the photo studio.
And on her back, there were even more townspeople.
What's wrong"
As I asked mysteriously, the townsfolk smiled and offered me something.
These are the parts of my broken clock. Feel free to use them"
「I thought these wires might work.」
Use my light"
No, use my light"
We have a lot of tools here, so use them as much as you want"
Various electrical components, wiring devices, electronic circuits, gears and screws were set on the table one after another.
I couldn't understand the scene, so I stood there dumbfounded, and the director smiled.
.. Um, what's this"
You're going to fix that projector, right? You brought me something I might need if I told everyone about it. I'm sure some of it's unnecessary, but you've never made it with materials, right"
Why is that..."
Everyone is moved by your music and your songs. They want to thank you no matter what. ...And I'm one of them"
The director took out the lens and handed it to me.
This is... It's a camera lens. Will it fit"
I felt something warm in my heart.
And then, the warm object slowly rises up.
Eventually, that warmth reached the depths of my eyes, becoming hot and hot.
She couldn't put her words together in her head.Even though she wanted to say something, her lips shook.
Shiona was gazing at me gently, holding a steaming cup.
“Shiona... your heart is warm. I wonder why.”
Ray, that's a feeling of happiness"
As she said that, she approached me and handed me a cup of fragrant drinks.
Everyone is responding to Ray's desire to make Mud smile. Everyone wants Mud to be happy, especially him.
Isn't it annoying...? I started it on my own"
If they think it's annoying, they won't be able to smile that warmly"
I look at the people in the town who brought me the parts.
She holds the parts in her hands, raises them so that I can see them, and smiles at me.
「......everyone......thank you very much」
Using the parts and tools I got, I began repairing them on the spot.
There were a lot of things I couldn't understand on my own, but I got help from a lot of different people.
It removes moisture, carefully scrapes off rusted parts with filets, and repairs broken electronic circuits with copper foil.
The handa that was about to fall off was adjusted by using the tip of the hot driver until it turned red.
No, no, that's not it, it's like this"
No, it's like this"
We're both different! This is definitely what we're doing here!
It wasn't like that. It wasn't like this.
It was noisy, but noisy, and the repairs were done by everyone.
And finally――
I finished repairing it in an uncouth state, full of sputtering sounds.
Thank you, everyone"
It's fine. In exchange, let me hear that song again"
I like the kids. Do it again sometime"
When I listen to him, I feel like I'm in a good mood"
When I hear that song... I can't help but remember the past...
I love that song"
It's an unsightly device made by everyone.
It looked far from what I'd seen in a book.
But that's the only projector in the world that we all made.
I couldn't be more pleased with myself.
Everyone there was genuinely happy about the completion.
All that's left is to activate this test"
I looked around the room when they told me to start the test.
Come to think of it, I've never seen electricity in this town.
The photographer also used an analog camera.
..Umm, could it be that there's no electricity in this town..."
Everyone in the room looked shocked at my question.
It's as if I've touched something I shouldn't have.
Even the director, who had suggested the start of the test, remained silent.
It's a library"
Shiona was the one who said that in an attempt to break the awkward mood.
There's no electricity in this town, but the storage facility is still there"
Is that a library"
Yeah, that's right"
It was as if a light of hope was shining in.
I felt my cheeks soften.
But Shiona's expression Even though she was supposed to be smiling, her eyes were somehow sad.
The next day, I went to the library with Shiona.
Yesterday, I brought a handmade projector with me from the town.
I didn't know there was a device like this here.
The counter at the library was equipped with a device that could store sunlight into a portable battery.
It seems to be the only device left in this town.
However, with the aging of the solar panels, it's not possible to generate a large amount of electricity.
Electricity is an important source of energy for this town.
Despite my selfishness, the townsfolk gave me permission to have something so precious.
He said he wanted me to listen to music again.
However, there was something that bothered me.
I felt that the library meant something special to the townsfolk.
Everyone's reaction yesterday. Come to think of it, Mud's expression had changed as well.
...No, I shouldn't make any weird guesses right now.
I averted my eyes from the batteries, which were starting to recharge, and looked at Shiona as I tried to hide my anxiety.
I'll have to get Shiona to sing again"
Yeah, I'll sing to everyone with my thanks"
Shiona pointed her usual smile at me.
Tippy was standing next to Shiona.
She looked at Shiona with a slightly confused expression on her face.
Come to think of it, this is the first time I've seen these two together.
Tippie, how fast can you charge it"
Umm... I think it's probably just about the same as the rest"
I see, that's surprisingly fast"
Only Mr. Rey can be with me...?
Tippy took a big detour around Shiona and hugged my leg.
Her sad expression didn't change.
But I felt a little less sad.
I patted her head with the palm of my hand.
When I stroked her silky hair over and over again, Tippy bent over to my feet.
..Yes, you two. That's it"
Shiona broke into the room between me and Tippy.
Ah... Ray, Ray...
Tippy reaches out for me.
But it won't reach me.
Ray, hey...
Shiona grabbed my arm and took me to the wall.
――The sweet smell of Shiona tickled my nose.
Ray, you're already a girl, Tippy. Do you understand what this means"
I know. You're cute when you get attached to me"
That's not what I mean... I don't think it's good to touch them too casually or get along with them too well"
「Why? I think it's fine as long as you're happy, Tippy.」
That's not it... I don't think it's a good idea to casually touch girls your age"
Even though you're old, you're still a child, Tippy"
Girls grow faster inside than they look. They've already got a pink heart"
Pink...? What do you mean by that"
Pink is pink. That's why I don't think it's good"
Shiona's mind seemed unusually disturbed.
She's talking to me with a smile, but her cheeks are puffy.
Come to think of it, when I told her I was going to the library, her smile grew stiffer.
Shiona doesn't seem to like the idea of me getting along well with Tippy.
Even now, it looked like she was competing with Tippy.
..Hey, Shiona. Could it be that that's the emotion of 'yakimochi'"
At my words, Shiona's eyes widened and she took a deep breath.
She doesn't look at me, moving her gaze around restlessly.
This was the first time I'd ever seen her smile like this.
I reached for Shiona's head.
Huh? Ray...?
And then, I gently stroked her hair as if I were being tipied.
Wah...Wah, Ray, what's going on all of a sudden? What's wrong"
Unlike Tippy, Shiona's hair was smooth and comfortable. She had a nice smell every time she stroked it.
That's the kind of hair I want to keep touching.
R-Rei? It's kind of embarrassing for me, isn't it? Right"
Ah, I'm sorry. But I was just wondering if I should do this"
I didn't really understand what was going on, but seeing Shiona right now warmed my heart.
A sensation similar to the pleasure I'd experienced before was boiling up.
A-Anyway, let's refrain from sticking to it too much, okay? Okay? Will you promise"
Yeah, if you say so"
That's why I had no choice but to say that.
We go back to being with Tippy.
Tepey looked up at us anxiously.
What's wrong? Tepey, bad boy? That's why you're both angry"
Tippy furrows her eyebrows sadly.
It's okay. It's nothing"
Really? Isn't it really happening? It's Shiona's fault... it's hot"
Th-That's not it, okay? I'm scared, and I'm not twitching"
Hmm... Okay, got it"
Tepey shed tears of relief.
The truth is, I'd like to wipe her tears away with my fingertips, but I'm sure Shiona wouldn't want to.
That's why I decided to hold back the urge.
I turned on the projector after I had recharged it.
A low motor sound rang out, and the exhaust fan began to turn.
There was a flash of light at the top, indicating that they were preparing for launch.
It was the light I hadn't seen in a long time. Shiona, Teppei, and I both gazed at the flashing lights.
Umm... where to put the chip...
The control panel on the side of the projector is broken and exposed.
There's a spot in the center where the chip was inserted.
I slowly inserted the tip Mud gave me.
To check the data inside, the projector flashes a red light.
We watched her while breathing heavily.
After about ten seconds, the blinking distance between the lights grew shorter It changed to a green light.
This is... okay, right"
Anxiety and arousal mingled together, and her voice was rubbing against mine.
Yeah, the projector's fixed, and the data inside is fine"
Shiona's words made my heart skip a beat. I could feel the corners of my mouth rising naturally.
I felt happiness from the satisfaction of having accomplished something new"
After charging the projector and confirming its operation, we headed to Mud's store.
Tippy remained in the library, saying she was sleepy.
I wanted to see it together, but Shiona told me not to push myself too hard.
I wonder if Mud will be happy.
“Y-Yes... I'm sure he'll be happy.”
I hope so. It's something everyone in the town made together. It's especially true because everyone feels the same way about it"
Y-Yeah... you're right"
「What is it, Shiona? Did something happen?」
Shiona's been out of place for a while now.
Nope. It's nothing"
“Really...? I don't think so...”
Ray, today's more cloudy than usual, making my heart gray"
Shiona looked up at the sky as she muttered that.
I looked up at the sky the same way, but I couldn't tell the difference.
On the contrary, since it's after the rain, the dust from the air will fall off, making it easier to breathe.
Besides, I feel like I'm going to be crushed. So, Rey, why don't we take it easy at home today? Let's use the orange soup"
Is this air uncomfortable for Shiona...?
No, I think Shiona's words are hiding what she really wants to say.
But I had no idea what that meant.
It didn't seem like Shiona was being mean.
But, since we all made it together, I want to show Mad-san his son's movie as soon as possible"
I see... That's true"
After that, Shiona fell silent.
I'm not angry.
She's following me from the side in accordance with my gait.
There was a shadow in her expression.
After arriving at Mud's shop, we set foot inside the dimly lit store.
Hey... what are you doing in here"
Mud's voice echoed from the back of the store.
She squirmed back into the chair and stared straight at us.
「Hello, Mud-san. Umm......this.」
I took out a screen full of screenplays.
Mud glared at her, as if appraising her.
What's that? I didn't buy any trash"
That's not it. This is a projector that can reproduce your son's movie, even though it looks bad"
My son's movie? I don't remember asking you to make something like that"
It's true that I wasn't asked. It's something I did on my own. But the people in town helped me make this. I want Mud to see the movie"
Like I said, I don't remember asking you to"
I know. It's something I did on my own. That's why I'll do whatever I want from now on. If you're going to stop me, please stop"
I was about to start walking.
But Shiona pulled the sleeves of her clothes from behind to stop me.
「Ray, Mud-san, Murasaki...... It's better not to do it today. Let's do it again sometime, okay?」
「Shiona, you've come this far. Mud said that too, but you should be watching your son's movie. If you don't watch it here, you won't be able to watch it.」
Besides, if you really don't like it, I'll already be thrown outside"
It's just a guess from Mud's actions so far, but I don't think it's wrong.
It's okay, Shiona. So don't look so worried. It's okay"
I nodded, trying to get rid of Shiona's anxiety.
..All right, Ray. If you want to do it, do as you want"
Shiona let go of my sleeve.
I start walking again.
I put the equipment down at the counter and close the store door.
Then, she closed all the windows.
The dark inside of the store became even darker.
It is a good darkness for playing a movie.
When I turned on the projector, which I had just recharged, the fan roared and turned on the light I had installed for a while.
A square light appears on the wall of the store.
I adjusted the lens I received from the owner of the photo studio and focused on it.
Mud was just staring at her movements.
Madd, we're going to play a movie now. Is that okay"
.. Do whatever you want"
Mud didn't deny it.
I'm sure that's the answer Mud wants.
I put my finger on the button on the control panel....
I play it back.
Mud was staring at the square light with a stern expression.
The story begins in the light.
It was a story about a boy.
It was a time when the sky was still blue and nature was still there.
Born in a small house in a small town, he didn't know his mother.
Her father, who lived together with her, only looked after her at the bare minimum... and they weren't even close enough to call her family.
As the boy grew older, the gap between the two grew deeper.
We had a fight when we met.
Each of the short conversations was a denial from the other.
Before I knew it, our eyes hadn't even crossed.
The boy's number of trips home decreased, and he eventually set foot on the path of evil.
His father hit him silently.
Her brows were carved even deeper than usual....
Just like that, the boy ran away from the town.
But that was the beginning of a harsh day.
People who thought I was her friend used me well, betrayed me, and my body and mind were falling apart.
It was a woman who supported him.
My meeting with her was what led him to the right path.
The boy decided to move to a new town and start over with his life.
I have a family.
I believed that my son would be born, and that I would spend the rest of my life happily with my beloved wife.
But......women die of illness.
I didn't have time to despair.
He worked hard to raise the children left behind.
However, she was too desperate to work, and she didn't realize that her relationship with the child was being created.
When I opened my mouth, there was nothing but quarrel.
The passing days continued.
And then, a grown child set foot on an evil path, as if it were a guess as far as I could tell...
I thought it was punishment.
That's exactly what I've done for my father.
I cursed myself when I was still immature.
He thought of a way to stop his son and looked at his hand.
If I open my hand, I might be able to pat my head and admonish my son with the kindness to embrace him.
If I clenched my hand, it would become a fist, and I might be able to rebuke my son with a stern look.
Which one should I choose as my father?
He clenched his fist.
Her fist, which had struck my son, was hot, and her chest was tight......and deep wrinkles were carved into her forehead.
However, my son held down his swollen red cheek and shed tears.
She said that she was loved......that she scolded me properly.
The words brought tears to his eyes.
Why didn't I realize what my son had realized at the time?
After hitting her, her father's face wasn't angry, but sad.
He took his son back to the town where he was born for the first time in twenty years.
The townscape hasn't changed much since we left.
And as I thought, it was still the same small family home.
However, his father, who lived alone in that house, looked a little smaller than the one in his memory, perhaps because of his old age.
He bit his lip and cried in front of his father.
His father silently patted him on the shoulder, then muttered a word.
Mud's son's movie was a very old type of human drama.
I don't know if this is interesting.
If her emotion function was normal, she might have been able to make that decision.
But Mud was staring at the screen.
I was silently watching a movie the whole time.
The staff roll ends, and the screen goes pitch black.
Looks like it's over.
After Shiona looked at me for a moment, she reached for the stop button on the projector.
Just as my slender fingertip was about to touch Botan, I grabbed Shiona's hand.
..? Ray"
Shiona looked at me mysteriously, but I stared at the screen.
The black screen.The letters slowly rose up in the center of it.
The letters were clearly written with emotions in them"
I dedicate this film to my father"
The letters slowly melted into the darkness of the screen and disappeared.
This time, the movie will end quietly.
Silence fell upon the surroundings.
Even if I turned it off, Mud was still staring at the place where the screen was.
Mud... The movie is over, right?
She sighed at my words.
.. What a boring movie"
I murmured in a quiet voice that Mud couldn't have imagined.
It's so boring, I'm tired of enduring yawning"
I wiped away the tears that had accumulated from the yawn I had endured, stood up from the chair, and took the chip out of the projector.
Then, I firmly gripped her palm and sat down on the chair again.
.. Hurry up and go home"
Saying that in a low tone of voice, she closed her eyes as if thinking about something.
Could it be that your son's feelings didn't get across in this movie?
Was it a movie that Mud didn't care about...?
In that case, what I did--
My heart started to hurt, and I hurriedly called out to Mud, saying I had to say something.
But Shiona pulled on my clothes and interrupted me.
Ray, it's okay.
Shiona lowered her eyebrows and smiled.
「Madd-san, you're just not being honest. Let's leave her alone for now. Okay?」
Can't be honest......?
In other words, what Mud said earlier means everything to you?
Mud, you're so smooth right now. You're filled with beautiful light blue. It's all thanks to you, Ray.
I wonder... if that's the case...
I feel warmth in my heart.
I know this feeling.
It's an emotion called happiness"
I'm glad Mud was happy.
I'm extremely glad I could be of service.
We quietly left the store so that Mud wouldn't get in the way.
In order to be able to watch movies, I left the projector behind so that I could watch movies whenever I wanted.
As I went outside, I saw a faint orange light on the other side of the sky.
It was a color that reflected my feelings.
I'm really glad Mud's happy.
Yeah, you're right"
But she had a sad smile on her face.
Eh? For what"
You look kind of sad"
Really? That's not true. It's just your heart, Mad-san"
Really? That's fine then"
Hey, Ray. Let's eat today"
“Food? Why?”
It's the anniversary of Ray's happy reunion with Mud.
Anniversary... Yeah, anniversaries"
Let's make an orange soup and make some powa powa today"
Yeah, you're right. I'll help you cook too"
Thank you. I'm really happy, Ray"
Shiona's hand hit mine.
We're holding hands, no matter what.
The warmth in my hand.
The orange sky was eventually swallowed up by the darkness of the night.
The next day, we decided to sing a song in the plaza, just as we promised everyone who helped us repair the projector.
I went to Mud's shop to ask him if he'd like to join me.
But the door was still closed.
Normally it's already open, but there's a sign that says CLOSE on it"
The door to the store is locked too, so I can't go inside.
I peek inside through the crack of the door.
The projector was left on the counter.
Nothing has changed since yesterday.
The chair Mud was sitting in was right next to the shelf, so I couldn't see it.
「What's wrong, Mud? Are you feeling sick?」
.. So this is how it turned out"
What do you mean... it turned out like this"
I tilted my head at Shiona's words, as if she knew the store was going to close.
In the middle of yesterday's movie, Mad-san's face is all red and he's a ghost, but he's gone"
It's bright red... Igaigaiga"
「Yeah, I don't think there's any need to hold back anymore. I've never seen Mud so calm before.」
Shiona smiled troubledly.
Have you been holding back anything, Mud?
That's right. The truth is, I've always wanted to make up with your son. I wanted to fly over to your son's place. But Mud's always blushing and tingling, right? That's why I didn't bother him"
Then, could it be that yesterday's movie..."
That's right. Because Ray showed Mud his son's movie, Mud became honest.
..Are you going to see your son"
Yeah. I think he left town"
Shiona smiled and smiled. That smile made me realize that I really did help Mud.
My chest got hot all at once, and those words became words to my mouth.
Amazing! Amazing, Shiona! It's the same as in that movie! The one who went to see her wasn't her son, but her father, but mostly with the movie"
Yes, that's right. It's really something amazing. But there's one thing that's troubling me"
Something troubling"
Shiona's expression clouded over, and she let out a small sigh.
Is there anything troubling about Mud and his son making up?
「I don't think Mud will be back for a while, so I can't get the ingredients for the orange soup.」
Shiona said with a serious look on her face.
That's... a problem"
Yeah, it's a problem, isn't it? But as long as we save the material we have, we'll be fine for a while"
Shiona broke her tight lips and smiled.
Seeing her like that made me feel my cheek move.
Something warm rose up from the depths of my chest.
I don't know how to call this feeling, but I feel satisfied.
I hope Mud comes home soon. I'd love to hear what he has to say. Maybe his son will come with me. In that case, even better"
Yeah, that's right. I hope that's the case"
Little by little, I was able to learn my emotions. That's what I felt.
I was able to get close to the image that I wanted to be.
I want to be more useful to people.
I want to learn more and more emotions.
That feeling was the driving force behind my thrusts.
Let's go, Ray. We'll be late"
That's right. Let's hurry. I wonder how many people will smile today"
I'm sure it's a lot. A lot more than yesterday"
Because your voice is beautiful"
No, it's because of Ray's performance"
Even if it's a performance, I'm just turning the wheel"
That's what's important. When the heart of the person who spins it is kind, the music spreads as if it's dusty"
Shiona smiled, her hands softly open.
If it were just my song, I'm sure no one would stop. My song was only sung after Ray's performance. Thank you, Ray"
My face gets hot.
I wonder why, Shiona. Your face is really hot"
Really. Your face is turning red. I'm sure you're embarrassed"
「Are you blushing? Is this the emotion of being embarrassed?」
Yeah, Ray's unexpectedly shy. Cute"
Upon hearing Shiona's words, my face grew hotter and hotter.
After leaving Mud's shop, we went to the plaza.
A lot of people had already gathered there before we arrived.
I've been waiting for you two, I'll be counting on you today too"
The kid's been saying 'Otaki-niiko-' since yesterday. Please"
Your songs have healed me. Thank you very much"
Onii-chan, Onee-chan, sing again"
Everyone was waiting for our melody.
And then, everyone smiled.
it was this.
What I was looking for.
To do something, to be happy and thanked by others.
This is what I wanted.
(How good it feels.)
How warm my heart is!
I've always wanted to feel this sensation.
Shiona, let's start. Let's make everyone smile"
Yeah, of course"
I turned the steering wheel of the music box, just like yesterday.
A melody overflowed.
Shiona weaved a melody to that sound.
And then, that melody spreads out a circle of big smiles.
A smile spread across the town.
That made me happy more than anything.
And Shiona's profile was filled with joy.
The townsfolk were listening with the same smiles as yesterday.
A circle of smiles spreads across the room.
Suddenly――I felt a slight discomfort in my hand as I turned the music box handle.
The right hand wearing gloves to hide the machine's hand.
I feel a slight creak in her hand as I turn the wheel.
Hey, how was that machine the day before yesterday?
While I was cleaning up my performance, she spoke to me and raised her head.
The director and the people who supplied the parts were there.
I was able to regenerate it, and Mad-san was delighted. It's all thanks to you"
I see, that's good. It was worth talking to everyone about"
It's all thanks to you, thank you very much"
No, it's fine... But that's all thanks to your power"
Yeah, that's right. Because of your actions, there's someone who'll cooperate like this"
But that's because you're all so kind. My actions are nothing more than a trigger"
Of course, that's also true. But you won't know until you try to act, and it won't change. Who's the most important person, and who's not amazing. The first person to act is worth that much"
Everyone smiled warmly, starting with the director.
If something happens again, don't hesitate to tell me. I'll do everything I can to help"
After saying that, the director scattered and left.
I think as I watch her go.
Hey, Shiona"
What's wrong, Ray"
I really want more people to be happy"
It's really wonderful to have people happy"
Yeah, that's true. But it's wonderful to think that way, Ray"
I was a little happy when Shiona praised me.
I could feel the warmth in my heart.
That's why I want to help a lot of people. I want to meet even more people and help them solve their problems"
If that's what you want to do, then I think it's a good idea"
Then let's go look for Shiona! Let's go help those in need in this town"
.. Wait"
Um, Ray, I think that's a little different.
I was convinced that Shiona would agree.
However, she shook her head with troubled eyes.
It's true that helping others is a wonderful thing. But I think it's wrong to force it on others"
I'm pushing you...? That's not what I'm trying to do"
Of course, I understand how you feel, Ray. But you know, people have barriers and problems that they have to overcome on their own. If we help them all, they won't grow. Of course, it's also important to help them, but it's not too late to help them first, if they do their best and still can't do it with their own hands. So, Ray, if someone asks for your help, let's help them. It's not too late to save them after that"
I understand what Shiona is saying.
I could understand that.
But deep in my heart, I felt something bothering me.
Why do I have to leave my feelings of wanting to help others as they are?
Why can't I save people on my own?
Why, why, why...
That's when I stopped thinking.
It was because Shiona's smile seemed somewhat sad.
A few days later.
Something feels wrong again.
I felt something strange in my right hand as I turned the music box.
An indescribably small sensation.
But it's definitely attacking my right hand.
That uncomfortable feeling gradually grew larger.
After returning to Shiona's house, I moved my fingers in her room one by one.
As I did, every finger went down to a certain depth in the same way, and it didn't bend any further.
I can't grab anything with this.
It's a problem that interferes with daily life.
No matter how many times I try, the glitch won't be fixed.
It might be necessary to repair it fundamentally enough to take it apart.
I have an idea of this problem.
I was looking for that projector.
I did something reckless in that junkyard.
As I moved something heavy, I felt something was wrong.
I'm going to the abandoned factory today.
And then, let's go look for tools for repairs.
Ray, it's time for dinner"
Shiona suddenly entered the room.
I hurriedly put on my gloves and hid my bare right hand.
What's wrong? You're in such a hurry"
It's nothing. I was just surprised because I was spacing out"
Did I surprise you? I'm sorry about that. I'll knock next time"
Yeah, thanks. That'd be great"
Yeah, got it. So, I made dinner. Wanna eat already"
I look at the clock.
Before I knew it, the hands on the clock were already spinning around the top.
It's already this late...
It's always cloudy outside. You'll lose the sense of time"
Yeah, I'll be right there. Can you wait"
Yeah, got it. I'll be waiting in the kitchen, Ray"
Shiona smiled and left.
I took off my gloves again and checked my right hand.
...I have to do something to make sure Shiona doesn't find out.
Even if we go to an abandoned factory, that's only after we eat.
I made up my mind and headed for the kitchen.
Shiona's homemade food was lined up in the kitchen.
Ray, put it on the chair. Let's eat.
Shiona put her hands together in front of her face.
I join hands with her as well.
Our Father in the heavens, may everyone be praised as holy, may Mikuni come, may his will be done in the heavens, and may the earth be done as well. Please give us our daily bread today as well. Forgive our sins. We will forgive humans. Please save us from evil without temptation"
This is what Shiona told me.
Before I knew it, I had started praying the same way.
I've spent that much time with Shiona.
As I thought that, my heart naturally warmed up.
Hm? It's nothing"
Really? You look happy, you know? It's an orange powa powa"
A happy face? Me..."
「Yes, very much so. Ray, you've been making that expression a lot lately. I'm happy for some reason.」
Does that mean you're laughing"
Yes, that's right. I didn't laugh at first, but lately I've started to laugh a lot. I'm happy"
I'm... laughing...?
I remember the first day I woke up.
The expression on my face I saw that day was emotionless.
I've been wishing ever since that day.
I want feelings"
Before I knew it, I was starting to get what I wanted.
I felt a light sensation in my heart.
Now I can be with Shiona and the others forever.
I looked down at my right hand.
I can't use the spoon properly with this hand that dangles weakly.
I had no choice but to pick it up with my left hand and scoop up the soup.
Food with an unfamiliar left hand becomes extremely difficult.
What's wrong, Ray...? Huh? You're left-handed, right"
No... I'm right-handed, but my right hand hurts today"
Does it hurt? Oh my god! I have to call a doctor... Ah, but I'm not in this town, so I have to call someone from a faraway town"
No, it's fine. If you leave it alone, it'll get better"
This is bad... This is bad.
If the doctor sees me, he'll find out who I am.
I had to avoid that.
I want to stay here forever.
I'm sure it's because I did something reckless the other day. Doing my best in the rain"
.. Yeah, probably because of that"
Come on, I won't stop when I say it. I'm worried about Ray's body"
Yeah, thank you. But thanks to your hard work, I'm glad Mud was happy"
Yeah, you're right. But don't push yourself too hard"
Shiona looked at me worriedly.
I'll stop making her look like this.
When I look at Shiona, who isn't smiling, my heart becomes pale.
「Come to think of it, did Mud come back? Have you heard from him since then?」
Not yet. Your son lives a little far away. I'm sure he hasn't arrived yet"
I see. I hope you get in touch soon"
Yeah, you're right"
After that, Shiona didn't ask me about my right hand.
I finish my meal quickly with my left hand, which I'm not used to.
Then, I returned to my room and began to prepare myself.
She stuffs the tools into her bag.
I'll probably take my own arm apart.
It is necessary for you to solve it by yourself.
I can't rely on anyone.
That's why I prepared carefully.
As I was concentrating on my preparations, I heard the sound of the door being knocked.
Soon after, Shiona entered the room.
Ray, if you don't mind... are you going somewhere to go shopping"
Shiona asked as she alternated between my bag and mine.
Yeah. I'm looking for something"
Where are you going? Close? Far? When are you coming back"
「I'm going to an abandoned factory. I'm thinking of going home as soon as possible.」
An abandoned factory? What are you going to do?
Umm... actually, the owner of the photo studio asked me to find some parts for them, so I'm going to look for them"
It was a lie.
It was a crude lie, but Shiona smiled at me.
I see... I understand. Be careful, okay? Your right hand isn't feeling well, is it"
Yeah, thanks. I'll try to get home as soon as I can"
Shiona saw me off and left the church.
Our destination was an abandoned factory――
But before that, there was a place I had to stop by.
It was necessary to make up the truth behind the lie that she had just said.
If Shiona meets the director and tells him about me, he'll find out that I'm lying.
(If that happens, I'll hurt Shiona.)
I don't want to hurt Shiona.
That's why my feet visited the photo studio.
Oh, that's an unusual guest"
When I opened the door, the director, who was polishing the camera, greeted me.
Sorry for barging in like this"
No, it's fine... I was just thinking of going home"
At home... at the church? Did you need something"
Yeah, wait a moment"
The director withdrew to the back.
While I was waiting, I decided to take a look around at the pictures.
There's a variety of photos on display, from old photographs to recent ones.
The time, place, and people were taken were different.
But there was one thing in common.
That meant everyone was smiling the same way.
I couldn't help but envy the people in the picture with those smiles.
Hey, sorry to keep you waiting. Here, take this"
The director held out a picture to me.
Shiona and I, who were both smiling and expressionless, were in the picture.
「This was taken before. It took a while to develop it. I'm sorry I'm late.」
That's not true. Thank you very much. But I don't have any money"
It's fine. I'm late, and I wanted to take a picture of it. I'll give it to you as a service"
Thank you very much. I'll give it to Shiona"
Please do. But even so, looking at you two like this, you and Shiona's older brothers are really similar"
Do you know about Shiona's brother"
Yeah, of course. Have you ever seen a picture of Shiona and Onii-san together"
Yes, there is. It's a picture of you holding a music box"
Yeah, that's it. Actually, I took it"
I see... When did Onii-san leave on a journey"
I guess it was right after I took that picture. She said she'd tell the music to the world. She was sad about that. She was always smiling like that, but she was always crying back then"
“That Shiona? I can't believe it...”
..But lately, I've started to laugh a lot. Just like when you're here... No, maybe even more"
Is that so? I'm sure she's always smiling"
I'm sure it's because you're here"
I think it's because you look like Onii-san, but that's not the only reason"
But I haven't done anything to Shiona"
It's not just giving a smile to someone who's doing something for them. It's also possible to make a smile by being around them"
I'll be by your side... In that case, I'm more confident that I'll be by your side than anyone else"
I can tell that from my own eyes. When I'm with you, Shiona seems to be smiling from the bottom of her heart"
Those words warmed my heart.
I'm connected to Shiona's smile.
Because of me, Shiona――
It's strange for me to ask, but could you stay close to Shiona forever"
Of course. I'll always be by your side and keep smiling. That's my best wish"
Hahahaha, you're proposing. It's a shame Shiona isn't here"
“Proposal...?”
Hearing those words, I felt my face get hot.
I know what those words mean.
It was a vow that men and women of Humanity would spend their entire lives together.
Was what I just said the same as that?
When I think about it that way, my face gets even hotter.
I turned my back on the owner so he wouldn't get upset.
Umm, well then, I have somewhere to go"
I see. Don't lose that picture"
Yes, thank you very much"
I thanked her from behind and left the photo studio.
The road to an abandoned factory.
I push through the dark-red earth.
The bag full of tools is a burden.
I heard the sound of tools scraping against each other in my bag.
It's windy, and it's going to rain any minute now.
If I go to repair it, and if there are more trouble points, it'll be overturned.
Before it rains, I hurried to an abandoned factory.
On the way.
In the distance, I find something that shakes white.
But the place was so far away that there was no way to find out what it was.
We still don't know how big it is, but it looks like the white object is slowly approaching us.
I strained my eyes and tried to confirm it.
At that moment, a gust of wind blew.
I closed my eyes without thinking.
By the time I opened my eyes again, the white object had vanished from my vision.
Just what was that all about...?
I stood there for a while.
But I can't stay like this.
The clouds are getting more and more suspicious.
We need to get to the abandoned factory.
By the time it was dark enough to start raining, I had arrived at an abandoned factory.
It was still covered in dust, filled with the smell of oxidized oil.
I immediately found a nearby workbench and decided to remove the gloves on my right hand.
I'm already used to the bare parts.
First, I slowly open and close my fingers.
The malfunction hadn't been fixed, and the movement had stopped midway through.
what is the cause?
I take a light out of my bag and look at my arm.
It doesn't look like there's anything foreign inside.
...In that case, it must be a problem with the components inside.
She takes out the tools and starts to disassemble her right hand.
The disassembling of my hand felt eerie.
I'm breaking myself now.
If I were to take apart all of this, would I be broken?
Is that my death?
(I wonder how it feels.)
If I die, where will my consciousness disappear to?
And if it's reassembled again, will this consciousness return?
Can you really say that she's alive?
As I think about that in a corner of my mind, I find the cause of the failure.
The cylinder used to distribute the oil to my fingers bent and the oil oozed out.
It's the part I took off when I fixed Shiona's music box.
At that time, I used the oil in the cylinder to blend in with the gears in the music box.
It was a small amount of oil, but it was probably necessary for my fingers to be able to operate precisely.
If even the smallest cracks pile up, it'll be a big scar, right?
However, if the rod had bent this far, even if I fixed it halfway, the oil leak might come back.
The only thing I'm sure of is that I'm going to exchange these parts for new ones.
I stand up and search the area.
A made-up piece of phyloid fell to the floor.
In this part of the factory, there's no doubt that there are parts that are suitable for my model.
I searched the factory with my broken right arm.
There were a lot of arms, legs, and torso parts lying around in the factory.
The parts on the head were so elaborate that I thought they'd be real for a moment if I wasn't careful.
From there, I searched for something that suited me.
I look at her bare right arm and check the number of parts I need.
It looks like that's the type of part that's needed.
I'm searching for the same number on the rolling arm.
I wonder if she's using something very rare.
I checked the parts in the factory, but I couldn't find anything of the same type.
The decay of this factory is much more advanced than where I woke up.
I knew this facility had been destroyed a long time ago.
If that's the case, then it's no longer possible to see the same type of parts in different production periods.
I hurriedly continued to search for the parts, and found something labeled AR 115"
It looks almost the same as the parts in my arms.
However, the piston rod and shaft were slightly longer.
With this, it looks like I can change it with just a little processing.
I take apart the arm attached to the AR 115 on the workbench"
Even if I pull out the parts well, I'll compare them to the parts that were originally embedded in me―― Homeroom 114"
It looks like the output plugs that didn't exist in 'Homeroom 114' were added to 'AR 115.'
Other than that, there were no changes.
I immediately put the parts on my arm.
Unlike when it is disassembled, it is a little difficult to install it.
I manage to finish installing it, despite dropping the screws over and over.
By moving my fingers, I can open and close them the same as before.
However, every time that happens, the discord between the two machines echoes around.
It looks like the lube has run out.
I go to the back of the factory in search of oil.
The smell of oxidized oil grew stronger, and I reached the black oil drum.
When opened, none of them could be used because they were oxidized.
But I found a relatively new drum at the far end.
When I opened it, there was a small amount of oil, but it was less oxidized.
I scoop up the oil from the oil storage tank inside my arm.
And then, I put the tank back where it came from.
After a while, the oil is automatically extracted and the mechanical parts slide better.
I move it, and it opens and closes my fingers without discord.
I was able to fix it.
Seeing my fingers move smoothly, I felt the clearness in my heart.
I put my gloves back on, put the tools back in my bag, and left the factory.
It was getting very windy outside.
I hope it doesn't rain...
I hurried back to town.
――On the way.
A white object fell to the ground.
It's fluttering, like it's being toyed with by the blowing wind.
As I stared at it for a while, I realized that it was a cape.
After a few flaps, I saw something wrapped inside.
It had a human form.
No way, I hurriedly approached it, fell to my knees, and softly flipped over my cape.
There was the figure of a seriously injured young man.
The blood flowing from my wounded arm I knew right away that it was Human.
「A-Are you okay!?」
「Uu...uu...」
The young man let out a groan, as if responding to my voice.
Her body was painfully injured, so it didn't look like she could stand up.
At the young man's feet, there's a crawling mark.
There was blood on the scar, which showed how cruel it was.
I have to save her.
Something like a sense of duty oozes out of my chest and into my whole body.
Please hang in there, are you okay?"
I threw the bag that was on my shoulder to the ground and picked up the young man.
The young man looked anguished and groaned even more, perhaps because of the pain he felt from shaking his body.
And then, as if clinging to something, she reaches out her hand.
I held out my right hand, which was already open.
She holds the machine's hand through her gloves.
She bites her umbilical cord in her heart.
However, her power was so weak that she couldn't shake it off.
The young man slowly opened his eyes and looked at me.
「Y......Y-You......」
A-Are you okay? There's a town nearby. I'll carry it right away"
M-...M-..."
She murmurs, as if ruminating on my words.
And then, as if to confirm the hand she was holding, I traced the gloves with my fingers that weren't strong enough.
I'm sure they found out.
She probably noticed a hard sensation different from that of a Human through her gloves.
But I don't mind.
This isn't a situation where I can worry about that.
「......th-the town......you're......s-so......」
「M......M......Mm......」
The young man repeated Machi like a spell"
Those words were frail, and seemed like they would disappear at any moment.
I decided to take the young man home.
I might be able to help this man now.
She crosses her shoulders and drags the young man along.
Her steps were heavy, and it took a considerable amount of time to advance ten meters.
But I wanted to save this man... I wanted to save him.
How long have you... been...in this town..."
The man who was about to faint asked me a question.
It's only been a week"
I...see... I...see"
I can feel the young man weakening over my shoulder.
If I don't regain consciousness, I might never come back.
Please hang in there. We'll be heading to the town soon. It's not that big, but everyone in the town is warm"
I frantically spoke to the young man.
If I could talk to her about something that would draw her attention, she wouldn't be able to lose consciousness.
There's no doctor, but I have a book, so I'm sure I know how to treat injuries"
「...ho...nn...?」
Yes! It's everything. I'm sure you'll be able to investigate anything. So please hang in there"
.. Wh-... nn... but... huh"
「Yes! I'm sure of it!」
The young man took a long breath and muttered softly.
.. Throw it away"
I had no idea what she was saying.
I stop walking without thinking.
...Leave me... like this...
I-I can't do that"
I was... attacked by Humans"
「A Human......?」
It's just... I'm just... traveling for my ideals... But ideals are... values"
The young man takes another long breath.
Because of the difference in values... Humans... oppose each other, oppose each other, fight... become inhumanly... as violent as they can be...
Th-That's not true. Humans are warm, they share things, and they support each other"
Yeah, that's my ideal"
The young man was exhausted, as if he had breathed out all of his previous breaths.
..Umm, h-hold on! Please hold on"
Was she just unconscious, or...?
Disgusting thoughts swirl around in my head.
I grit my teeth and look straight ahead, heading for town.
To save this man in a second.
Before we knew it, it started raining, and it hit us hard on the back.
Rain water was pouring into my gloves, but this was no time to be worrying about it.
I carried the young man into the church in a daze.
Rei, what's going on... Th-That person!"
Shiona greeted me in a panic.
She collapsed on the way here! She's seriously hurt"
Okay, carry it all the way in"
Led by Shiona, I carried the young man to a room with a bed.
As I lay her down on the white sheets, the rain water and blood that had been on her body mixed together and spread out in a red stain.
There was no sign of the young man regaining consciousness.
Ray, I brought some water.
I put the cup Shiona gave me into the young man's mouth.
I poured a little water in.
The young man's throat pulsated.
Even so, she still hasn't regained consciousness.
Her face was considerably paler than when we first met.
「Shiona, I'm going to the library! I'm sure there's a medical textbook there!」
Shiona said something, and bit her lip.
I'm worried about that, but we're in a race for time right now.
I ran out of the room with Shiona in my back.
And then, without even caring about getting wet from the rain, I started to go to the library.
Ray, what's wrong? You're so wet"
As if surprised by me rushing in, Tippy opened her eyes wide and stared at me.
I asked, not caring about my unregulated breathing.
「Tippie...is there a medical textbook here?」
Y-yeah, I do"
Please, will you show me around right away"
.. Okay"
She must have sensed something.
Tippy guided me to the place immediately.
Someone's scared"
On the way, Tippy turned to face me and asked.
Yeah... I'm hurt"
Ray? Shiona? Or"
No, you don't know him. That's why you don't have to look so sad"
Because... because, because...
Large teardrops ran down my cheeks.
That young man is a stranger of Tippy's.
And yet...and yet......
How kind of a girl is Tippy to be able to cry for that person's sake.
I'm fine... I'm fine"
I picked up Tippy and gently wrapped her up in both hands.
Hot tears flowed through my clothes.
I could feel a small pain in the back of my chest.
I endured the pain and fished through the medical textbook.
But no matter how many books we have, we're nothing more than amateurs.
I don't even know what kind of symptoms, what kind of treatments to treat, or which books are correct.
I took as many books as I could from the library.
I returned to the church without worrying about the book getting wet.
When I opened the door, a melody played from there.
It's Shiona's melody.
Just from that voice, I was able to recognize this place as a holy place.
「Shiona, how are you?」
No... I won't wake up forever. I did what I could, but...
I run to the young man.
The bandage was wrapped around Shiona's wrist.
But the young man's face was even more pale than before.
I violently opened the medical textbook.
I flipped through the pages to see if there was anything I could do.
But we were too reckless.
No matter how great a medical book it is, it's just a bunch of paper.
There's no way we could've saved someone from the start with medical science.
We were too helpless. We were too small.
Shiona quietly began singing.
It was a quieter tune than usual, like a requiem.
.. Mm... This song"
The young man opened his eyes to Shiona's song.
But that point of view was hollow, and it felt like it would disappear at any moment.
Do you know this song"
Yeah, that song takes me back... I used to sing it a lot"
The young man's gaze followed the ceiling and turned to Shiona and me.
At that moment, the young man's face changed into a gentle one.
「......aaah, it's here......here's the world I've been looking for......」
What do you mean? What kind of world was it that you were looking for..."
He won't answer my question if the young man can't hear me anymore.
She continues to speak.
「...the path of coexistence......the world of harmony......」
After saying that, the young man quietly closed his eyes.
And it didn't even twitch.
I felt something spilling from my chest.
Hey, Shiona, why don't you open your eyes? Are you sleeping"
The strength I've been holding until now is slowly fading away...
Hey, I wonder why... I wonder if I'm tired...
An indescribable sense of loss sunk deep into my chest like a dark cloud.
Pain runs through my chest like I've been churned up.
Shiona hugged me from behind.
That warmth calmed me down a little.
I naturally put my hand on Shiona's chest.
「Shiona...I, I...」
Ray... let's hold a funeral for you.
A funeral..."
It's like a ritual performed when a person dies"
“When a man dies...”
With those words, I recognized her.
Ah, he's dead"
That's the only way to mourn the dead"
I can't move while listening to Shiona's words.
I couldn't handle the existence of death right in front of me.
Well then, can you help me with my preparations"
All I could do was nod briefly.
We started preparing for the funeral.
To mourn this young man who didn't even know his name.
While I was preparing for the ceremony, there was one thing that bothered me.
I left Tippy in the library, who was crying so much.
I wonder if Tippy is still crying.
In that dark library. Alone.
Rei, what's wrong"
While I was decorating the altar, Shiona spoke to me.
Yeah... there's something I'm a little worried about"
Something on your mind? What's wrong? About that man"
No, that's not it... it's about Tippy"
T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T"
When I went to get the medical book, I told Tippy everything about her. Then, Tippy cried... To be cruel, I left her at the library like that"
You're going to turn blue and stay that way"
Yeah, that's right. That's why I thought you might still be crying"
..Yeah, that might be it. I'm sure she's crying in the back of the library"
I could easily imagine that figure.
When I think about it that way, I can't help myself.
「Shiona, can I go check on Tippy for a moment?」
Shiona flashed a slightly sad smile.
There's still a little more to prepare for the funeral. So I hope you come back soon"
Yeah, I know. I'll be right back"
.. Understood. See you later"
Shiona looked at me with a sad smile.
I finished decorating the altar and headed to the library.
with a borrowed medical textbook.
She walks down the street, holding an umbrella.
The town's appearance is somehow different from usual.
It felt like I had lost something important...
I dashed through the town of loss and hurried to the library.
The library was enveloped in silence, as if to block off the sound of the rain.
――No, just one.
Except for the sound of the blue girl sobbing in the back.
I rely on the girl's cry as I move forward.
The girl was at the usual place.
The girl was crying as she drew her usual picture.
Ray... Ray...
When she recognized me, Tippy extended her small hand to me.
As if answering, I hugged her small body.
The moment I hugged her, her slurping voice grew a little louder.
Rei... What happened to him"
I was at a loss for words.
Hey, Ray... Ray...
He... hey... hey, hey...
A silent answer.
Perhaps because she understood everything, Tippy started crying loudly without accumulating sadness.
For the sake of the young man she'd never met,she started shedding large tears.
Yeah, I wonder why.
(What is this pain in my chest?)
The depths of my heart were churned up.
It sometimes hurt my chest with pain.
I'm sure it's overflowing from the wound that's open to her chest.
It's pouring out of my eyes with a fever.
Before I knew it, I was crying.
I shed tears at the death of an unknown young man.
Oh, I see.
This is sorrow"
It's a blue emotion.
It's the emotion that Tippy always has in her heart.
It's so painful, it's so hard.
Tears flowed endlessly.
I don't know how to stop it.
――No, that's not it.
I didn't want to stop.
I wanted to keep the hot drops flowing like this.
This must be an act of healing sadness.
By shedding the sadness that's built up in our hearts, we're able to hold on to our hearts.
Thinking about it that way, it felt like the weight that had accumulated deep in my heart had gone down a little.
And at the same time, I feel like the amount of tears I'm shed is increasing.
I cried.
We cried.
We cried, hugged each other, and cried.
Crying, crying, crying....
No matter how long it goes on, tears will never dry up.
Tears continued to flow, so that the sadness wouldn't die.
Tippie, there's a funeral coming up soon"
..Something like that? What... is that"
It's a ceremony to say goodbye to the dead. Shiona's preparing for it right now"
Farewell...? Fate..."
I'll never be able to see you again"
「I can't do it anymore......No!」
Tippy clings strongly to me.
Her arms were shaking slightly.
I understand, Tippy, how you feel. But I think it's because you're sad that you have to say goodbye properly"
We won't be able to see each other again, so let's say goodbye and see her off. If we don't, I'm sure we'll be lonely and sad"
“I miss you... I miss you...”
Yeah, I'm sure of it. That's why I'm sending you off. Can you... make sure you don't get lonely or sad"
Tippy slowly separated herself from me.
She looked up at me with a face full of tears.
「......I can do it. Tippy, I can do it.」
I see. That's great, Tippy"
When I patted her head, she looked a little happy.
But those tears never stopped.
Well then, shall we go... stand up"
Yeah...... Wait a minute"
Tippy stood up and picked up a teddy bear.
The stuffed animal she was always with was still in her arms.
We held hands and headed for the church in the middle of the rain.
Father, who is a merciful god, I entrust the young man who believes in the only child you have sent, and who has completed his journey through life in the hope of eternal life to you"
「Take away all of the burdens of the siblings who are leaving us, guide them to heaven's prepared living quarters, and add them to the group of saints.」
So that we, who are separated from each other in sadness, can support the hope of the resurrection that our master promised, and share the eternal joy with the child you have summoned"
The church was overflowing with attendants, with Shiona's voice resounding.
No one has ever seen that young man.
No one should know that young man.
Even so, all the people gathered here mourned the young man's death.
I thought this was the feeling of caring for others, the connection between people.
Everyone clasped their hands in front of their chests, closed their eyes, and prayed.
Both Tippy and I followed suit.
Shiona's voice echoed throughout the church.
It almost sounded like a song she dedicated to the young man...
After the funeral, the young man is buried in the cemetery behind the church.
Everyone in the town walked up to the coffin one by one to say goodbye.
good afterlife...
I'll see you again sometime...
eternal rest...
She says whatever she wants.
「Come on, Tippy.」
They approached the coffin in our turn.
Tippy was staring at the coffin where the young man had entered.
The tears that I had shown him just before the funeral were gone, and I just stared at the young man expressionlessly.
It's as if I've lost my emotions.
Just be quiet.
She stared intently at the coffin.
Feeling uneasy, I tried to call out to Tippy.
But, in that instant, she opened her mouth.
I muttered in a small voice.
A few hours passed after that.
A rare light came in from between the clouds when it stopped raining.
It was rare for sunlight to shine in from the gray sky.
However, the beautiful scenery didn't captivate me.
Because I was worried about the look on Tippy's face during the funeral.
Her expression was too empty to call sadness.
I don't know what that means.
Even so, there was one thing I thought about.
I want to be by your side.
I want to stay by Tippy's side and speak to her.
And I want to heal her sadness.
That feeling grows inside me.
I tried to open the door to the room, but Shiona stopped me.
Yeah, I was thinking of going to see Tippy"
I was worried because you looked really sad at the funeral, Tippy"
I see... But I'm worried about Ray"
Yeah. After all, Ray has a really sad expression on his face"
Sad..."
I touch my cheek with my hand.
Then you don't know, right? Come over here"
I was dragged into the living room, and stood in front of the mirror.
Look, you look sad, right"
My face in the mirror... was blue.
Shiona always said blue about Tippy, so I understood what she meant"
Right now, I have the same face as Tippy.
Even though her heart was quiet, her body was drained of strength, and her expression was also sunk by gravity.
.. Yeah, this is the first time I've seen my face like this"
This is......the sadness.
Even if I don't cry, when I'm captivated by these emotions, my expression becomes so blue.
Because someone died. It's only natural to make that face"
How do I feel......when I live......?
It was bitter......painful......heavy...and cold......
I looked at Shiona's expression through the mirror.
But somehow, she had a sad, fleeting smile on her face.
I'm sure she's smiling bravely.
Just thinking that made my heart ache.
You're also important to me, Tippy. But first, I want you to take care of yourself"
Am I... important to me"
Yeah, that's right. Ray takes care of himself"
I never thought about... taking care of myself"
Rei, you're so kind. That's why I'm sure you prioritize other people over yourself"
But that's what I want to do.
I'm a little sad about that. I don't want you to force yourself"
I'm not forcing myself"
Really? I don't think so"
Shiona's arm wrapped around my arm.
.. I'm... worried"
I felt my heart rate go up.
I don't know what that is.
But that certainly moved my emotions.
That warmth made me feel kind.
......no, it's more than kindness......I feel something warm that's different from touching my skin.
Hey, Ray, would you like some tea"
.. Tea? Why"
When you drink something warm and fluffy, your heart and body feel warm. It feels really good to be able to relax both in your heart and body"
But Tippy...
I'm sure you're shaken by the death of someone. But you'll definitely be able to overcome it. For that reason, let's give you a little peace of mind. Being alone is very important, you know"
Really"
Yes, I'm sure of it. After all, if I don't do that, I won't be able to get stronger"
People can get stronger by overcoming walls and sadness. But if someone helps them every time, they won't be able to grow. Let's leave them alone for today, so that they can grow up to be Tippy"
Tippy is a weak being.
She's always crying.
But if this is a chance to grow up......
I'll accept it.
Shiona, could you make me some tea"
Of course. Will you sit in a chair and wait for me"
I sat down on the sofa and waited for Shiona's tea.
A pleasant aroma filled the room as I waited for a while.
Sorry for the wait. It's a special tea, really. Eat it"
The tea cup was filled with an orange drink.
A faint sour taste and a faint sweet fragrance drifted about.
It's been a while since I've talked to Ray like this"
Yeah, you're right. A lot's happened"
「Rei, how are your memories?」
No, it doesn't look like I'm going back yet"
I see... But, don't rush it. You might suddenly remember something someday"
Yeah, thank you... but I'm sorry"
My apologies? What"
I'm a freeloader, but I can't repay you for that"
That's not true. I'm just glad you're by my side"
But that doesn't mean I'm repaying you at all"
That's not all. You fixed the music box too... and that's why I'm able to sing"
Didn't you sing before that"
But you know, it's very different without a melody. You know, we played together in the plaza, right? I actually sang there a lot"
By yourself... at that place"
Yeah. But no one listened to me then"
Even though you have such a wonderful voice? It's strange"
Fufufu, thank you. But you know, that's how it is. That's why I was really happy when you brought me the music box"
No way... I was just spinning the music box"
That's what makes me happy. More importantly, I'm happy that you're with me"
I'm the same. I'm happy to be with you"
..Heheh. Thank you. Ray, you've become very emotionally rich"
Emotions? Me?
Yes. Her expression has become much richer than when we first met"
That's what I wanted.
I've been craving it ever since I woke up.
By being told that by Shiona, my heart was filled with happiness.
She told me that I was getting closer to Shiona......to Humans, after all.
I'm sure that's because you're smiling next to me"
Really? I didn't do anything"
No, it's because you're here. Thank you, I'm grateful"
If you're going to say that, then it's me. Thanks, Ray"
I should be the one thanking you"
I'm the one... haha, that's strange. To think the two of us would always thank each other"
That's true. I wonder what we're doing"
.. But it's strange"
What's so funny"
It's strange... to think that it'd be okay for this time to go on forever, right"
.. No, not at all. I thought the same thing"
.. Can I go over there"
Shiona sat down beside me.
The distance where warmth can be felt.
We're the closest distance we've ever been.
Huh...? I wonder what...
What's wrong"
“Somehow, my body feels strange. My breasts... are throbbing.”
Could it have broken down? It'd be a problem if it was so serious that maintenance was required.
Don't worry. I'm the same. My heart's always beating"
Eh? A-Are you okay? Doesn't it hurt"
Yeah. This is a wonderful thing"
Shiona gently placed her hand on mine.
As if gently enveloping.
I returned my wrist in response. As if we were palms together... as if we could wrap our fingers around each other.
I felt Shiona's warmth stronger.
And that warmth warms my heart.
“It's so warm deep in my chest...”
“My breasts? Here...?”
Shiona reached for my chest.
The place I touched suddenly became hot.
“Your hands feel really hot... I wonder why. Do you think you're sick?”
No, that's not it"
「Do you know why, Shiona?」
Yeah, probably"
“Tell me.”
Hmhm, what should I do"
Don't be mean. You're bothering me"
Hmm... But this isn't just Ray"
It's getting hot"
Yes, that's right. My heart is burning hot right now"
The same goes for Shiona"
Yeah, it's the same. It might be worse than Ray's"
That's terrible! How can I be cured"
No, I can't fix it... I don't need to"
It's hot deep in my chest, it's cute, it's painful, it's painful, but it's warm... It's okay. That's okay, Ray"
Her hand, which overlapped with Shiona's, became slightly hot.
I hold her hand back.
Ray, please"
I want you to be with me forever"
Yeah... Stay with me forever"
“Yeah... I promise.”
Thank you, Ray. I'm very happy... very, very...
Shiona rested her head on my chest.
I feel like that's what's filling my heart.
It was similar to the joy I felt before, but even stronger than that.
I wonder what Humans call this.
I wanted to ask Shiona, but I thought it would be rude to cut the mood.
So, like that... I surrendered myself to Shiona and time.
The tea on the table had a sweet fragrance. We had been doing that until the steam ran out.
The next day, I was preparing to go out after breakfast.
I called out to Shiona, who had been washing the dishes.
I was thinking of going to the library"
Are you going to the library... to see Tippy"
Yeah, that's the plan"
I'm sure you're still in the middle of overcoming it. So let's leave her alone"
Yeah... But, if I can't overcome it and feel lonely by myself, I can't just leave her alone"
Just like how Shiona was with me yesterday and felt warm, I think I can support her just by being around her.
Don't worry. You're not that weak, Tippy"
Really..."
Yeah, I'm sure of it. Anyway, Ray, I have a favor to ask. Wanna go to the plaza today"
In the plaza? Why"
I'm thinking of holding the music box... and singing again"
Yeah, something sad happened, right? That's why it's important to relax"
Can you... rest your feelings..."
I'm sure the townsfolk feel the same way after the funeral. So don't you want to lighten everyone's mood"
.. For everyone in town? Of course, I think so"
It's painful to see a sad face.
If possible, I'd like to heal that sadness.
We can do that with our melody. I'm sure the town will cheer up"
I see... I guess"
Yeah, I'm sure of it. Come on, let's get ready"
Urged by Shiona, I reached out to the music box.
The music box, which I do daily maintenance on, is ready to play music at any time.
We left for the square.
It's early afternoon in the cloudy sky.
There were few people.
There's no one here, Shiona"
It's always like this at this time. Before Ray came"
Before I came...?
Didn't I tell you? After Ray started playing music, everyone started to listen to my songs. The townsfolk have been changing little by little. They've been going out more and more, and they've been interacting with each other. It feels like they're growing closer to each other little by little"
Because... I came"
Yeah, that's what I think. The townsfolk have changed since Ray came. Of course, it's good for the future"
Those words made me very happy.
I'm in someone's shoes.
That fact cannot stop me from enjoying myself.
Rei, you look happy"
Yeah. Your cheeks are loose"
My cheek"
“Yeah, look―”
The tip of Shiona's finger touched my cheek.
That alone warmed my heart again.
Your face feels hot"
Rei, are you embarrassed? Ahaha"
Her face gets even hotter.
It seemed Shiona was right on the money.
Well then, Ray, let's begin"
Yeah, are you ready"
Any time"
Shiona slowly closed her eyes.
I wanted to watch her beautiful profile forever.
But at the same time, I want to hear Shiona sing.
That's why I slowly started turning the music box handle.
The melody was accompanied by Shiona's voice.
The two melodies fused together to create a beautiful sound.
Soon, people began to gather.
They had a slightly gloomy face at first, but they gradually regained their smiles.
And before I knew it, a circle of big smiles spread out in the plaza.
Child in town A
Town Person A
Town People B
Town Person C
Town People D
The smiles and words of many people are flying around.
Yeah, this is it.
This is what I've been looking for.
People with happy smiles.
Every time I see that smile, my joy will amplify.
I was sad that that girl wasn't in that circle.
A blue girl in the back of the library.
A girl who would never come here.
That girl is still holed up in the library.
I was only thinking about the girl.
With Shiona's voice, I came to my senses.
Sorry, I was just thinking about something"
I see... everyone's already gone home"
When I looked around, I saw that there were only a few people in such a large circle.
I've been lost in thought for a very long time.
“What were you thinking?”
“Nn... No... It's nothing...”
Should I guess? It's about Tippy, isn't it"
She saw right through my heart.That's why I nodded obediently.
.. Yeah, that's right"
I knew it... Do you really want to know"
Yeah, I'm curious. After all, she's still such a small girl"
A little girl, huh... That's right"
Besides, I'm always alone. There's no way I'm not lonely"
But I've always been like that. I'm already used to it"
That's not true"
Didn't Shiona also say that the townsfolk have changed since I came here"
Yeah, you're right"
Then I want you to change too, Tippy. It's not good to be lonely"
I told Shiona to return what I'd learned.
Upon hearing those words, Shiona's smile clouded slightly.
She looked in the direction of the library, closed her mouth for a moment, then turned around and smiled at me again.
Ray, let's go home"
It's going to rain at noon today. Come on, let's go home... okay? I'll make you a fluffy white soup"
With Shiona's help, I left the plaza forcibly.
A few hours later.
When I was about to leave the house, Shiona called out to me again.
“Umm, I want to read a book...”
If it's a book, there's a few books you've been reading"
That's not it... umm, there's definitely a genre of books that don't exist here"
What kind of genre is it"
「It's a machine book. I've been interested in it ever since I fixed Mud-san's.」
I see. I'm glad Ray's interested in something"
Yeah, thanks. That's why I'm going to the library"
Shouldn't that be today"
Yeah, the sooner the better. I want to read it as soon as possible"
But it's going to rain soon, okay"
The weather doesn't matter. Let's go to the rain"
But the book might get wet, you know"
Don't worry, I'll take your bag"
Hmm... In that case, I'll go borrow it"
Eh? No, it's fine, I'll go myself"
No, it's fine. I also had some shopping to do, so I'll go along with it"
Saying that, Shiona returned to her room.
I wonder why.
It feels like Shiona's trying to keep me away from the library.
No, that's not it.
I'm sure it'd be more accurate to say it to Tippy.
I don't know what that means, but it seems like she doesn't want us to meet.
Shiona said it calmly, but I could tell how she felt.
(But why?)
I'm ready, Ray. What kind of book should I borrow"
I probably won't understand, so I'll go with you"
No, it's okay. Take your time, Ray"
Then... I'd like you to go borrow a book with electronic circuits"
Electronics, huh. Got it. I'll be off then"
Shiona went out.
I waited for a few minutes.
It's about time I lost sight of Shiona.
I put my hand on the door leading outside.
...That's strange.
It's not locked.
But the door never opened.
It was as if the door had been barred from the outside.
――Perhaps that was the case.
When Shiona left, she locked the door so that I wouldn't be noticed.
That's why I can't get out of this door.
――But, why?
――For what?
Holding my head, I returned to the living room.
I glanced at the table, and before I knew it, there was a piece of paper.
It's a letter from Shiona.
To Ray.
It's locked. I'm sure you were surprised.
Do you remember telling me about the attack on a nearby town?
That's why I'm going to lock the door as a precaution.
I'll leave the house to you.
The meal is preparing soup and bread.
Please warm up and eat.
Don't ever go outside.
I've heard stories about the repeatedly looting of Humans from that dead young man.
Maybe that Human is near here.
In that case, it would be dangerous to go outside.
I see. Shiona was worried about me.
But, in that case, it would be dangerous for Shiona to go outside.
Maybe I should've gone shopping myself.
You mustn't dodge it......
It's true that there are humans who loot.
Even so, would it be necessary to lock the door from the outside?
On the contrary, if it was locked from the outside, it would also be possible to unlock it from the outside.
It will be easy to enter the house.
――That's strange.
If they were really wary of the plundering Humans, they wouldn't have sung in the plaza yesterday.
There's no way he'd go out of his way to gather people.
Then why?
――There's only one thing I can think of.
She locked me up.
To keep her away from Tippy.
There's no way Shiona would do something like this without thinking.
There must be a reason.
And I'm sure he's doing it for me.
...Could something have happened to Tippy?
I wonder if she's trying not to let me know about it.
It's not good for me......so that I won't feel sad knowing that......
I couldn't stand or be there.
I want to see Tippy.I want to make sure.
A blue girl crying all alone in the library.
I wanted to wipe away the girl's tears.
I look around the church.
There was a window at a very high place.
I could climb it, but there was no guarantee I'd be able to get out and get off.
But that's the only way out of here.
Suddenly, a white cloth came into my eyes.
The curtains swaying in the wind.
There were several of them in the room. They seemed to be long, big, and sturdy to cover the large windows.
I take off all the windows' curtains.
There was no sign of sunlight coming down from the dark clouds.
I tied the five curtains together on the table, and they became quite long.
It's long enough to go down to the first floor.
I tie the edge of the curtain to the bars on the windows.
I wrap it around several layers, checking its strength over and over again.
It's okay.
I'll be able to bear the weight on my own.
I tied the other end of the curtain to myself.
And then, with determination, I leaned out the window.
The ground I could see from there looked very far away.
I feel a little off-kilter, but I can't pull myself out of here.
I gripped the curtains and slowly lowered my body.
On the way, a strong wind shook me.
While my body was doing pendulum exercises, I clung to the curtains as much as I could.
A few minutes until the wind stops.
I took a deep breath and resumed the work of lowering my body.
It probably took me ten minutes to get to the ground.
My body was so exhausted that it felt like I was about to fall on my butt.
But I don't have time to rest here.
I headed for the library, where the blue girl was waiting.
It began to rain quietly, as if to interfere with my thoughts.
As if to moisten the thirsty town, the force gradually increased.
I don't have an umbrella, so I don't hesitate to get wet.
Her wet clothes clung to her bare skin, giving me a bad feeling.
I cover my right hand, which is covered in gloves, in order to cover for the rain.
At my feet, puddles of water began to form, and a thunderbolt began to be heard.
Her rough breath occasionally carries rain water to her mouth.
A cold rain struck against my hot body from the outside.
As the rain of rusty taste flows out of my mouth, I finally arrive.
The blue girl was waiting alone in the library.
It was dim inside, and there was no light coming out at all.
Is that girl buried in the sea of that dark book again?
Just thinking that made my heart ache.
I enter the entrance and head deep inside the blue girl waiting for me.
“So you're here...”
A voice came from deep inside.
It didn't belong to Tippy.
The person who kept me away from here――
Didn't you write in your letter that you shouldn't leave because it's dangerous outside? Didn't you see it"
No, I saw it"
I see... In that case, I knew you'd come. You're a bad girl, Ray"
I can hear Shiona's laughter.
But I couldn't see her expression very well in the dimly lit building.
Why did you lock me up"
I can't believe I locked you up... But in the end, that's how it turned out. I'm sorry"
You have a reason, right? If you don't mind, could you tell me"
.. A reason? The reason is simple. I don't want you to meet"
“You don't want me to see you?”
To the blue girl up ahead"
「To Tippy? Why?」
I can't say that. It's top secret"
Wait, I don't understand what you're saying. Why can't I see Tippy"
That's... no good"
That's not a reason! Just tell me"
I can't say why"
I can't help but feel stronger.
At the same time, I realized that my heart was burning red.
Is this anger?
Am I mad at Shiona...?
That's not my intention. I just want you to tell me the truth.
But my words just now seemed to upset Shiona.
Her expression is completely invisible in the darkness, but the atmosphere she's conveying has changed.
The atmosphere was filled with hesitation as she said something.
Shiona opened her mouth a little, and when she tried to say something... she fell silent.
And then, she pulls her chin as if hanging her head, and whispers.
.. Because it'll bring misfortune"
Unfortunately? Who"
..Ray and I... all the people living in this town, I guess"
The people in town? By meeting us? I don't know what you're talking about"
Yeah, you might not understand right now. But I'm sure you'll regret it"
「Why are you regretting it? Hey, Shiona, be clear. I'm not smart, so I don't know. If you don't say it clearly......」
In other words, this is...
The sound of boots.
Shiona approached me through the dim entrance.
The next moment, I felt warmth.
And softness.
Shiona was hugging me.
「Shiona...eh? Wh, what...」
Please, Ray... Let's go home together like this, okay?
Just like this...? What do you mean"
「Meeting Ray and Tippy is a very bad thing. To be precise, it's a chain reaction that causes bad things to happen. So......」
Could it be that I made Tippy angry? Is that why you don't want to see her"
No, the other way around. Tippy loves Ray"
“In that case...”
That's why I can't see you. Please understand"
I tightened my grip on Shiona's arm as I wrapped my waist around hers.
A sweet fragrance enveloped my entire body, making me dizzy.
..Is that Shiona's wish"
Yes, that's right. It's a request from my heart"
What would Shiona think if I met Tippy"
It's really, really sad. I think it'll be blue and ticklish"
“Why? Why do you think so?”
Shiona let go of me and looked up at me...
She says boldly.
Ray... I love you.
Wh-...Wha..."
Those words almost stopped me from thinking.
Sweet breaths.
Her lips felt like they were about to be touched.
A hand around my hips.
Her body heat was touching.
We're always right next to each other.
And then, those words just now.
Even though it's just two words connected together, it's filled with a deep emotion.
Those words filled my heart with an incredible force.
I felt more 'happiness' than I'd ever felt before.
Something that was needed by someone.Someone who felt more than a certain amount of emotion.
I don't know any more pleasure than this.
And right now, I'm trying to obtain that joy.
I wrapped my exhausted arm around Shiona's back.
Shiona accepted it.
My warmth grows deeper and deeper inside my chest.
“Shiona, I...”
Yeah, Ray. I know. So let's go home"
I hold Shiona's hand.
I returned my badge and moved my feet to the library's exit.
..Thank you, Ray. But this is fine. This is for Ray's sake"
Those words made me feel uncomfortable.
When I suddenly stopped walking, Shiona called out to me mysteriously.
Didn't you just say that it's for my sake"
Yeah, that's what I said"
You're wrong, Shiona"
No? What's wrong, Ray"
If you're saying it's for my sake, then this is different"
You're right. This is for Ray's sake"
That's not it. After all, I'm happy to be of some use to others. I'm here to help others. But right now, I'm trying to disappear from the sight of someone who can help me. That's not my happiness, and it's not for me. In that case, who is the reason I'm doing this"
Shiona, I'm going to see Tippy. It's not for anyone's sake, it's for my own sake. If someone gets unhappy because of this, it's my fault. But even if that's the case, I won't stop. After all, that's the result I wanted"
I let go of Shiona's hand and went through the entrance again.
Shiona's voice wouldn't reach my back.
Shiona just stared at me with a sad expression, without saying a word.
I passed through the entrance that smelled of rain and advanced to the back of the library.
I could feel the moisture from the soles of my shoes being sucked into the carpet every time I walked.
The library's dry air wrapped around my wet skin.
I couldn't help but feel uncomfortable.
It might have something to do with Shiona, who we parted ways with earlier.
My chest hurts, and it feels like I've swallowed something heavy.
The look on Shiona's face crossed my face again and again.
All of them had a sad smile on their faces.
Why did this have to happen?
Why did I do this?
Waves of regret surged.
But I couldn't let her rest.
――That girl is in the back.
A girl who is always alone.
She's always a blue girl.
The girl was always crying.
I couldn't leave the girl alone.
That's why I'm walking down this hallway.
There was a painting on the wall of the hallway.
These were the pictures that Tippy was writing a day-to-day.
A girl was drawn on a new piece of paper.
Soon I'll know who the girl is.
A little girl was drawn on a large piece of paper.
Tears were flowing down her cheeks.
All of my recent paintings have the same composition.
A picture of a lonely girl crying.
I feel a great pain in my chest when I see the picture.
The girl was always alone.
I felt like I could understand that sadness.
I want to wipe away the sadness as soon as possible.
I wanted to tell you you weren't alone.
I wanted to tell her I was by her side.
Dragging the wet soles of my shoes, I continued down the long hallway.
As I gazed at the painting on the height of Tippy's handiwork, I moved forward.
At that moment, something felt off.
It is not because of the content of the picture.
The problem is the number of pictures.
No matter how you look at it, Tippy is a young girl.
Even if she was painting every day, would she really be able to write such a number?
...Maybe she even wrote a few cards a day.
Even so, the number of pictures in this painting was impossible.
Was the girl that lonely?
Was there nothing else she could do besides paint?
Why did I leave the girl alone?
How much tears had she shed because of that?
The girl in the picture is shedding more and more tears every day.
It seems to indicate that the girl's sadness is getting deeper.
I hurried.
In the back, to the girl who was probably crying alone.
To soothe that sadness.
And to wipe away those tears.
To hold the girl.To hold her body with both hands.
I walked as fast as I could and headed for the library.
She was always there, but the girl wasn't there.
There's no teddy bear in there that's been keeping me company all day and night.
There were only pictures and crayons.
There was a girl crying all alone in the drawing.
――Where did Tippy go?
I looked for the bookshelves around me, but I couldn't find them.
I wonder if she's somewhere in this library.
Or outside this library?
I don't know the truth.
If I don't find Tippy, I won't know.
I started walking.
I sew through the bookshelves, searching for the blue girl.
The library on the vast premises wasn't suitable for searching for people.
In addition, this darkness.
I couldn't look for it just by looking at it from the end of the shelf.
One step at a time, I'll have to confirm it with my own two feet.
I walk through the bookshelves from the back of the library toward the entrance.
Her clothes, which were supposed to be wet, had begun to dry.
And her hair had dried up.
At last, I found the girl.
The girl was riding on a big foothold, lining up the books on the shelf.
The girl is a resident of this library, and also serves as a librarian.
The books returned by the townsfolk must have been returned to their original locations.
That's harsh for this little girl.
Thousands of bookshelves in this library were piled up to the ceiling.
I didn't even want to think about the number of books.
Such a large quantity of books faced the girl, and she was probably managing them every day like this.
Only one person in this library.
As I thought that, for some reason, I couldn't help but feel that my heart was tightening.
She stretched herself on the top of her legs,and returned a book bigger than her face to the shelf.
After finishing her work and taking a breather, Tippy turned to me.
.. Ray! ...Whoa, whoa, whoa"
When Tippy noticed my presence, she lost her balance on her legs.
Watch out, Tippy!!"
A fallen foothold.
She reaches out for Tippy's hand.
As if responding to her hand, I reached out my hands.
――A shock pierced my chest and back.
Before I knew it, I was lying on the floor from behind, holding Tippy in my arms.
Ray... you're here, Ray...!!
Tippy kept rubbing her cheeks in my chest over and over.
I patted Tippy on the head from the relief.
Her soft hair welcomed my hand in.
「Tippie, are you hurt anywhere? Are you hurt?」
Yeah, I'm fine. Is there anywhere you want to go"
I'm fine. Thank you for worrying about me"
You saved Tippy... I love you, Ray...
The little girl's hand gripped onto my clothes.
I felt a little wetness and warmth in my chest.
Tippy is crying.
But it looked like a different tear than usual.
I'm sure it's tears of peace.
With me around, I'm sure she'll be able to ease Tippy's heart a little.
With that thought in mind, joy ran past me.
You're Tippy, aren't you? You're really good, aren't you"
Yeah, she's great. She's a really good girl"
Hey, pat it. It's a good place, pat it on your head, Tippy"
「Yeah......Tippi is a good girl, a good girl......」
I caressed her silky hair.
“Yay... I'm so happy to see Ray patting my head. Teehee, I'm so happy...”
Do you always line up your books"
Yeah. I'm just doing a little cucumber. I want a lot of people to read it"
I look up at the bookshelf.
Indeed, some books are quite old-fashioned.
Some are worn down on the back cover, and others are discolored.
Is Tippy repairing these......?
I remember getting the book wet from the rain.
If I treat her roughly, she'll end up increasing her workload like this.
I swore from the bottom of my heart to take good care of it.
I get up and leave my back to the bookshelves nearby.
Sorry for being late"
It's okay... Ray, you're here.
Were you okay on your own"
No... I was really, really lonely"
Were you crying"
「Yeah...yeah, yeah...」
Tippy pressed her face against my chest.
Occasionally, I heard sobs.
Don't worry, we'll always be together"
Forever? Will you be with me, Ray"
Yeah, that's right. I'll try to be able to come to the library as much as I can"
Would you mind living with me"
Tippy raises her head.
Large tears welled up in her eyes.
That's a little difficult. I'm in your debt right now"
But I'll come every day. You won't be lonely, right"
Yeah... but, depending on the situation, I'm really lonely"
Night, huh...
「It's dark, quiet......Tippie, sometimes I feel like I'm alone in a coma.」
That's not true. That's not true...
All I could do was hold her tight.
There's a sweet smell coming from Tippy.
A sweet fragrance, different from Shiona's.
Yeah, I know... I'm just happy that you're like this, Tippy. Hey, Ray, can I ask you something"
Yup, what is it, Tippy"
“Will you help me?”
Yeah... of course, it's cheap"
I stood up and held hands with Tippy.
Pushing the cart containing several books, I walked around the library.
Next is... umm, a book called 'Philosophy of the Mind and Body'"
If that's the case, it's the 3rd from the top of the 493rd, and the 13th from Migi"
As soon as I said the title of the book, Tippy spoke of the place.
It was as if she was grasping all the books in this library.
Just as she said, there was definitely a gap in the book.
When I put it in, it fits right in.
Tippy didn't say it in the right way.
With conviction, she points to the location of the book.
Interested, I decided to ask a slightly mean question.
Hey, Tippy, can I ask you something"
Do you remember the beginning of this novel"
What I held out to her was a rather old-fashioned novel.
Tepey stared at the title and started reciting, as if she was reading a book inside her head.
'There's a five-story high above the ground. There's cream-colored bricks on the side of the school building, and if you take a walk, you'll feel good on the sidewalk. There's a flower bed right next to the sidewalk, and you can see colorful flowers even from this height. If I throw myself in from here, will all of the cream and flowers be stained with my filthy blood"
Every word, every word, she definitely read it out loud.
It was a perfect match for the handwriting in the novel.
Do you remember all the books here"
Hmm... I don't get it.
Then, what about this book"
She glanced at the book she held out,and recited it as if it were flowing.
There are about 206 bones that make up the human body, from the head to the occipital, frontal, temporal, parietal, butterfly-shaped, sieve, hammer, kinuta-bone, stirrups, Shimohana-kosuke, tear-bone, nose-bone, spade-bone, superior jaw-bone, cheek-bone, lower jaw-bone, tongue-bone, to the cervical vertebrae, lumbar vertebra, senshii, tail vertebra, rib, and sternum"
.. Then what's this"
I held out a handwritten book with the word pi around it.
What's the origin of this Mukonko theory"
Everything is finite, even the soul is no exception. A child born after the soul has dried up is a vessel of no soul. Edward-Morg"
Tippy memorizes all the books here.
But why?
Even if they had incredible memorization skills, they would still need to read these books first.
Even if I keep reading it every day, I'll never be able to read the sea of this book.
What in the world is going on here...?
Rei, what's wrong"
No, it's nothing. Now, let's finish our next book"
There's no point in thinking about not finding an answer.
For now, let's focus on helping Teddy with his work.
We put all the books back on the shelf and sat down at the usual place.
Ray, thank you for your help"
Tippy is spoiling me more than usual.
Was it a reaction I'd never seen before?
The sight of her approaching me was adorable and adorable.
It's okay, Tippy. You usually do it alone, right"
Yeah... I'll always be alone. I'll miss you"
.. Since when have you been alone"
That might have been a forbidden question.
Tippy looked up at me sadly.
I've always been alone with you, Tippy"
And then, Tippy told me.
The sad story of Tipi until she was alone.
Papa, Mama"
That was when Tippy's parents were still in the library.
I loved girls.
I loved a kind mother and father.
Her mother was always smiling, and gently hugging Tippy.
My father was always sorting through the books, gently gazing at those two.
You're still a spoiled child, Tippy"
Her father took out an electronic terminal from his desk.
Oh, that's right. I like you better, Tippy"
She smiles wryly as she closes the electronic terminal, and instead takes out a 'book' made of paper.
The technique of printing is already obsolete, and it's a valuable cultural artifact now.
Welcome, Tippy"
Her mother called her to her knees, and she sat happily.
And on top of that, on Tippy's lap, there was a stuffed bear her parents had chosen for her.
Every day was fun for Tippy.
Spending time with my beloved mother and father was fun.
And there were days when I didn't feel happy.
My mother always praised the pictures that Tippy drew.
I'm sure he'll be an artist in the end. Dad, you're very proud"
His father always had hope for Tippy's future.
I wish that day would go on forever.
I want the three of us to be together forever.
That's what Tippy always thought.
Before I knew it, the days when my parents frowned at me increased.
Tippy didn't like that expression.
The town was also in a panic.
All the adults were talking about something.
However, young Tippy didn't understand the meaning of that.
However, I was starting to feel uneasy that my life might end up breaking down as usual.
One day, the phone rang.
To Tippy, that sound sounded very sad.
Her father answers the phone and furrows his brows.
That expression that Tippy didn't like.
The father who put down the phone was talking to his mother about something.
After a while, the story became an argument.
They were arguing about something.
The only thing I know is that it's very sad to see those two arguing.
T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-Can you listen to me"
After a while, her mother looked at Tippy with a meek expression.
There was her father behind her――and the things she had packed.
Tippy's intuition told her that life up until now wouldn't last.
Something terrible is happening in the world right now.
A lot of people are scared, and the days when they can't sleep have continued. You don't like that, do you, Tippy"
There are children all over the world who think that. Mom wants to help them if she can"
Yeah... I knew you'd say that, Tippy... Anyway, Tippy, this is an important matter to discuss from now on. You don't have to understand, so listen to me"
Actually, I have to go far away to save my parents and their children. Even if we go, I might not be able to change the situation... But there's that possibility"
No. It's even further away. It's so far that it'll take days or weeks to get to that place"
Her father stopped Tippy as she was about to head to her room.
There's no need for you to prepare for the trip, Tippy"
That's not it... actually, Tippy, Mom and Dad are going to that place alone"
Two...? Where's Tippy..."
My parents look at each other.
As her parents looked sad, Tippy felt something.
At that moment, tears began to flow.
I'm sorry, Tippy, but I can't do that"
Mom and Dad are in a very dangerous place. I don't want to take you to such a dangerous place. Mom and Dad are important to you, Tippy"
「No, no...no, no...I'm going too, Tippy...」
My parents gently hugged Tippy.
I'm sorry, Tippy... but we still have to go"
I'm sorry, Tippy... It's okay, I'm sure he'll be back soon"
I'm sure he'll be back soon... so that he won't miss me...
Teehee, you're a good girl, so watch over us while we're away. Also, show us your picture again"
Yeah, that's right. I draw pictures one at a time every day. What I saw, heard, learned, felt. Will you tell me that when we come back"
That's right. I'll read a lot of stories while I'm away. I'll come back to tell that to Tippy"
Yeah, it's absolutely absolute. I promise, so"
The three families hugged each other.
I don't know how long it'll last, but in order to heal that farewell――
How much time had passed since then?
Just as her father had told her to, Tippy continued to draw.
She stuck it to the wall every time she drew it.She told her parents to keep an eye on her when she came back.
What I saw....
What I heard....
Something I know......
What I felt....
But eventually, it was filled with feelings for my parents.
I want you to hug me, I want you to pat my head, I want you to call me by my name, I want to see you......quickly......
My heart was dyed blue.
The girl continued to draw while shedding tears...
Teehee told me about her sad past while shedding blue tears.
Her small shoulders were trembling ephemerally.
The girl was overcome with sadness right in front of me.
I have no idea how much that sadness is.
It's probably because I've never felt that sadness before.
That's why I can't grasp Tippy's feelings.
I should be able to heal that sadness.
By hugging her small body.
I'm sure of it.
Tippy sits with her back against the wall.
I reached for her slender body.
When I touched her shoulder, Tippy's body jumped slightly.
It wasn't rejection.
It seemed like she was just a little surprised by the sudden movement in the dark.
It's okay, Tippy. It's okay"
Hey, won't Ray disappear in front of Tippy"
Yeah, I won't disappear"
Would you like to leave Tippy alone"
Yeah, I won't leave you alone"
Would you let me miss you, Tippy"
Yeah, I won't let you be lonely"
Can't you make Tippy come true"
Yeah, I won't be sad"
Will you take good care of Tippy"
Yeah, she loves you"
Will you get rid of Tippy"
Yeah, I'll hold you"
Could you take out Tippy"
Yeah, I'll play"
Would you pat my head"
Yeah, I'll pet you"
Could you connect me to Tippy"
Yeah, I'll hold your hand"
Will you be with me forever, Tippy"
Tepy's eyes glittered faintly in the darkness.
Her shoulders, which I touched, were so warm that they were too hot.
I embrace Tippy's body――
Oh, you get along well"
The voice that echoed in the darkness didn't belong to the girl trying to heal her sadness.
It belonged to Shiona, who was supposed to have left at the entrance.
Before I knew it, Shiona was standing by my side.
With a bright smile etched across her face in the dark, Shiona came straight up to us.
But you know, it's also a problem if we get along too well. We're old men and women after all"
Shiona stopped me from reaching out to Tippy.
“Y-Yaah...”
The look on Tippy's face distorted in sadness as she yearned for that arm.
I unintentionally raised my voice.
「Shiona, what are you doing!?」
What's wrong? You're so excited. You need to think about the skinship with a girl your age"
「That's not it. Tippy is sad......she's trying to heal her sadness a little.」
Are you sad? For what"
To my parents who haven't come back yet! I've always been alone, Tippy. I've always felt lonely"
Because that's reality, it can't be helped"
Can't be helped? What could that be..."
Shiona walked up to Tippy.
And then, she looked at Tippy, who was living in a small sadness.
T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T
She says that in her usual tone, still smiling.
“Siona, what are you saying?”
You know too, right, Tippy? Mom and Dad aren't coming home anymore, you know"
「Shiona......stop......don't say such cruel things......」
You really do know, don't you? You just don't want to admit it"
「...no...no...no...」
Both Tippy's father and mother...
“...Shiona... stop...”
I'm already dead"
Stop iiiiiiiiit!!"
A voice resounded throughout the library.
My whole body was burning up.
My breathing grew rougher, and I felt a pain deep in my head.
Her teeth, which she had clenched, were also pulsating.
I was barely able to stand in front of her.
And at the same time, I was convinced.
Her chest is red and tingling. The emotions Mud always had.
This is an emotion called angry"
I feel anger at the unfairness happening right in front of my eyes.
Right now, the hope of the blue girl has been cut off.
With Shiona's heartless words, Tippy was hurt.
Tippy is crying in a voiceless voice.
Her face is all messed up.
She turns her sadness into a large drop, and flows it down her cheek.
Her young body, earnestly, speaks of bottomless sadness.
Shiona chased after him even further.
That's because, isn't it? How long do you think your mother and father haven't come home"
You draw pictures every day, don't you, Tippy? How many are there now"
“Stop it...”
Doesn't it make you sad to draw every day? How many more pictures do you need to draw, and your parents will come back"
“Stop...”
No matter how much you cry, it's useless. Tears only flow to comfort yourself. Just because they flow doesn't mean something will change"
「......please stop......」
That's just self-satisfaction. If you cry, someone will be kind to you, so you'll cry. That's just running away from reality"
「......please......stop......」
Let's just forget about it. Mom and Dad won't come back. Not again. You'll never be able to see Mom and Dad again"
Let me tell you something. Ray is only here because he sympathizes with you, Tippy. It's not like Mom and Dad have the love they poured on you. It's just pity that binds Ray here. Do you understand, Tippy? You're always alone"
“Stop―――”
An angry voice resounded.
The echoing voice on the wall stopped, and only Tippy's sobbing remained.
Tippy looks up at Shiona with vacant eyes.
It felt like the light I had harbored until a little while ago had vanished.
Ray, pampering and comforting are two different things"
That's not true... that's not true...
Rei also accepts reality. Your parents are no longer in this world"
No... that's not true...
Then why didn't you contact her? Didn't you get a letter from Tippy, who loved her so much"
That's... I'm sure she's too busy to call...
If you know that the other person is worried about you, then I won't spare that much time. Especially if it's your beloved child. If you don't have that, then――"
“Stop... Stop...”
..Your father and mother are already dead, Tippy"
I froze.
Shiona's tone was the same as usual, and her smile was the same as usual.
If only she'd just said it in a cold, cold voice.
I couldn't say anything more than that due to that abnormal atmosphere.
Shiona smiled as she faced Tippy again.
Tipi, your family is only your father and mother. But those two won't come back. So no matter how much you're with someone, you won't be able to truly be satisfied. Even if Ray is with you, you won't be able to become a family. That's an undeniable fact. You'll always be alone"
Shiona turned her back on Kibisu and headed for the entrance.
On the way, she turned to me once.
However, her eyes were still on the floor.
Ray... it's all for your sake.
Saying that, Shiona left the library.
It's a quiet building.
Right now, I don't even hear Tippy sobbing anymore.
I was furious at Shiona's behavior, and I was exhausted.
I can't even stand up.
However, I can't leave the girl alone like this.
The girl will think.
I'm all alone in the world.
you have to live in solitude.
I didn't want you to think that.
I wanted you to know that I wasn't alone.
My feelings for Tippy weren't pity.
It wasn't pity at all.
I think about it over and over.
Over and over again, as if trying to convince myself.
I reach out to Tippy's shoulder.
I embrace her slender shoulders.
At first, Tippy's body jumped in astonishment, but then she calmed down on my chest.
Her face was pressed against mine, her voice quenched, and she was crying.
I patted her trembling shoulders over and over again.
As long as I can clear away the sadness in this small body....
I don't know how long I've been doing that.
We're sitting next to each other.
After a while, I lost my sense of time.
Tippy slowly got up and started walking, as if seeking something.
Tippy didn't answer.
It's a sketchbook and crayon.
With those two in hand, Tippy returned to me.
I sit down, leaving my back to my stomach.
Tippy didn't answer again.
Instead, I flipped through the drawing paper.
With a brand-new page in his canvas, Tippy picked up the crayon.
Without hesitation, I ran the crayon on the drawing paper.
She drew a cute picture of her age.
The first drawing was of a blue girl.
There are traces of tears on her cheeks.
Her eyes are pregnant with redness.
I gently stroked Tippy's head.
She lowered her gaze once again,and made a crayon run through the drawing paper.
It looks like I'm the next person to be drawn.
Her hand was on the girl's head.
It looks like she's gently patting her head.
And then――
It was Shiona.
I look at the girl with a scary face a short distance away.
That was the Shiona for Tippy.
From my point of view, the Shiona in front of Tippy would look like a picture.
Why did Shiona do that?
Shiona said...
It's all for my sake.
I don't know what that means.
No, I didn't want to know.
After making Tippy cry, I don't understand what she's trying to do for me.
Will I be able to be happy by making someone unhappy?
No, that can't be right.
It shouldn't have happened.
As if to drown out Shiona's words that stuck to my ears, I hug her tightly.
That voice is about to fade away.
But deep down, I felt a little happy.
I think while looking at the picture.
Perhaps this is a way to avoid her own sadness.
It is said that people dream at the end of the day.
It's said to be to sort out the memories of the events of that day.
For Tippy, it might be this painting.
Something that happened that day――
I draw everything in pictures, including good things and bad things.
By doing that, she might be able to sort out her memories and calm her mind.
In fact, Tippy's expression had become somewhat soft.
As the picture progresses, the sadness will go away.
It was as if she was handing over sadness to the painting.
She stood up and pulled my hand.
As I follow her hand, I end up on a wall with pictures all over it.
It is said that he writes one painting a day.
The number of pictures was enormous.
Tippy pasted the last picture she had drawn today.
There's another picture of Tippy.
The wall-filled picture felt like a diary showing the girl's loneliness.
I'm sure Tippy spent all her time alone on this story.
Such a sad story, always alone....
As I thought that, something welled up in my heart.
I couldn't help but choke at the sight of her eyes full of sorrow.
Instead of answering, I embrace Tippy.
After a while, I heard a quiet breathing in my sleep.
I looked at the picture diary on the wall with Tippy, who was sleeping in her arms.
I wonder if this picture book is the very heart of Tippy.
Thinking about that, I went to sleep.
It's my church.
I'm standing in front of a familiar white door.
I pushed the door open with both hands.
The chapel, which continued inside, was enveloped in an amazing silence.
――No, it wasn't completely silent.
It was because I heard her sobbing quietly.
I walk through the chapel.
And then, without a care in the world, I ended up facing off against her.
It was a person who never stopped smiling.
It was Shiona.
Shiona's slender shoulders were trembling as she cried.
I couldn't hide my surprise at that.
――Why was she crying?
I didn't understand the reason.
However, it was true that Shiona was crying right in front of me.
The tears are not lies.
Even so, I couldn't do anything.
...No, that's not true.
There's got to be something I can do.
I reach out my hand.
My fingertips extended to Shiona's eyes.
It doesn't look like I can stop those tears.
But I can wipe away those tears.
That's all I can do, but――
I extend my fingertip to a large drop.
On the way, my hand stopped.
My fingertips are made of machines.
His extended index finger held a metallic luster....
That's right.
I forgot.
No, I just wanted to forget.
I'm not a Human.
It was created.
I wonder why.
Am I not allowed to wipe away the tears of those dear to me?
Shiona cried.
She keeps crying.
I wonder if it's the sadness Shiona has never shown me.
But I can't stop or wipe away those endlessly flowing tears.
In that case, why am I here?
I wonder what I can do for Shiona if I stay here.
I couldn't find the answer.
I couldn't move my extended machine's hand any further...
――Right after that, the discord of scraping metal echoed around.
That deafening sound echoed intermittently.
Just as I thought that, I stretched my fingers――
That part collapses and falls to the floor.
The collapse that started with my fingertips increased the palm of my hand――my wrist――my arms――my shoulders――and that area.
All the parts of my body collapse.
Eventually, it became difficult for me to even stand there, and I fell to the floor.
My legs and torso became scrap.
The scraps of iron piled up around me.
I couldn't say a word, so I had no choice but to accept the collapse.
Shiona has been crying.
She's crying and killing her voice.
I couldn't even reach out to the machine anymore.
There's no longer any arms or fingertips there.
The collapse eats away at all of my body, reaching as far as my head.
I don't feel pain.
She couldn't feel it.
But......
I felt pain deep in my chest, which should have been gone by now.
The last scene I saw while my vision was falling was Shiona's sad expression and tears.
Eventually, I was just a piece of metal――
It's become a mountain of scrap.
――Then I woke up.
She was yelling something, but I couldn't remember.
My breathing is rough.
I look around in a panic.
It was a dim, dusty place.
The air was warm and gentle.
And the thick books lined up on the shelves.
This is a library.
I fell asleep yesterday, and the morning came.
I quickly took off my gloves and checked my right hand.
It should have collapsed earlier, but it's still there.
But just like in a dream, it's made of machines.
Before I knew it, Tippy was sleeping on her lap.
Her innocent sleeping face didn't make me feel the sadness from yesterday.
It seems I've been dreaming about what Humans call it.
During sleep mode, in order to organize memory areas, you sometimes catch a glimpse of past records.
But that was probably a prediction coming from experience and memories.
Could it be that these possibilities are hidden in the future......and calculated?
Even so, what a sad thing to say.
I still couldn't calm the ruckus in my heart.
Why did Shiona's tears upset me so much?
And why am I so helpless?
I'm not the real deal.
I knew that.
I thought I knew.
But I still want to make her laugh.
Both Shiona and Tippy want to make everyone in town laugh.
But I can't do that.
I can see the answer, but I don't want to admit it.
――Because I'm the one who made it.
The only truth I can't resist.
But even so, I still wished for it.
Everyone around me wants to smile.
But that won't come true.
When I try to make Tippy smile, Shiona won't laugh.
I tried to make Shiona smile, but I couldn't wipe her tears away.
How difficult it is!
Is there any way to make everyone smile better?
Looking at Tippy's sad sleeping face, I thought about it over and over.
I rubbed Tippy's head with my fingertips.
Her smooth hair passes my fingertips through her hair without clinging to it.
A sweet fragrance spreads out.
“Mm... mmm...”
Maybe in a dream, Tippy let out a small voice.
The young girl's sleeping face made me want to protect her.
But how?
I was at a loss as I looked at the machine's right hand and Tippy's face alternately.
I thought it'd be better to just keep going on like this forever.
――But that didn't happen.
A strange sound echoed from far away.
It was as if several people were walking at exactly the same time.
And then, a faint scream and the sound of something breaking.
Those two are destroying even my small hopes.
I hurriedly put my gloves on my right hand.
Wh, what... Ray, what is it...?
That abnormality woke Tippy up.
An uneasy expression that I hadn't seen before spread across her face.
I don't know... But something happened"
Something? Something"
I have no idea. But I'm sure this is a bad situation"
I stood up and pointed my toe at the corridor of the library.
.. Ray? Where are you going"
I'll go check up on her for a bit"
No... don't go, Ray"
Don't worry, I won't go anywhere. I'm just going to check on the roof for a while"
“No... No...”
Tippy hugged him and cried.
She looked like her parents, who had disappeared.
I'm fine. I'm fine, Tippy"
「N...no...」
Have I ever broken my promise to Tippy"
Yeah, that's right. You always did that when you went to see her, didn't you"
That's why I'm fine. I'll be back from the rooftop right away"
.. Got it. But come back soon"
Yeah, of course"
I made a promise with Tippy and headed for the library's rooftop.
I reached the top of the long spiral staircase in front of an old, rusty door.
There's no trace of it being used for a long time.
I open it, and a nasty sound echoes in my ears.
I pushed the door open.
...And at the same time.
Something's happening to my eyes.
Black smoke was rising from everywhere in the town.
The screams weren't misheard, but came from the townsfolk running away from something.
And what was chasing the townsfolk was several shadows wearing filthy cloaks.
Still holding the gun in place, she quietly walked And yet, she continued to hunt down the people who were definitely running away with no pointless teamwork.
It was almost as if everything had been calculated.
The townspeople and the assailants were talking.
The assailant nodded at each other, then pointed the barrel of the gun at the town's head.
And then, without even looking at the slightest hint of hesitation, I pulled the finger that was on the trigger.
With a dry sound, the townspeople trembled like their heads could burst, and fell to the ground...
That sound brought me back to my senses and made sense of the situation.
It's hard to believe, but... This town is under attack.
What Shiona was saying was true...
I hurried back to the lobby.
Seeing me like that, Tippy asked me anxiously.
Rei... What happened? You're really scared"
...I don't really get it, but... um... something bad is going on...
Unable to tell Tippy what I saw, I hesitated.
Not good? What do you mean"
“I think... this town is under attack.”
“No... Teehee, you're scary...”
Don't worry, it's far away from town. It's still safe here, so calm down"
.. Yeah... But, what are we going to do"
I'm... going to see what's going on.
I was worried about the town, but more importantly, I was worried about Shiona.
Even after what happened yesterday, she's still a Human who saved me.
I don't even know why she's so cruel to Tippy, even though she's kind to everyone.
I still don't understand what she meant when she said it was for me.
No, don't go... please... Ray...
Don't worry, Tippy. I'll definitely come back"
“Really? Really?”
Yeah, of course. So could you wait a little longer"
If you'll come back, I'll be terrified"
Tippy hugged the teddy bear tightly.
Even so, I couldn't get rid of my anxiety from her expression.
I wonder if I can do anything to help this girl's sadness and anxiety.
With that gloomy feeling in my heart, I left the library.
I decided to take as many back roads as possible on the way to the town.
What's going on in the town is obviously not good.
If they find me, there's a risk I'll get hurt.
I kill as many footsteps as I can and head to the plaza.
I wish I could've arrived ahead of the line, but I had to take a detour over and over again, so I couldn't do that.
The closer we get to the center of town, the more we see the broken building.
However, they were all buildings that didn't seem to break until yesterday.
I wonder if the people who were chasing the townsfolk destroyed it.
A cloud of dust hung over the beautiful town until yesterday.
Why do we need to destroy the buildings of this peaceful town?
I can't accept that.
As the noise from screaming and destroying the building grew louder, I arrived at the truth.
――The tragedy that was taking place in the plaza.
Several men chased and captured the townsfolk.
She points a gun at me, and drives men, women, and even children away with unreasonable violence as a shield.
The townspeople who were captured were sitting in the center of the plaza.
A child crying and screaming.An angry voice that didn't become a voice.
Wherever the wind blows, the armed men have cool faces.
No, the expression cool might be strange"
She had no interest in anything.She looked like she was glancing at a fallen stone along the road.
I can't confirm Shiona's appearance as far as I can see. Can I assume she hasn't been captured yet...?
“...What's the situation?”
“...We've captured most of the residents. It's only a matter of time left.”
I heard two men talking nearby.
I slowly approached them and listened to them, so they wouldn't notice me.
How about water and food?
We've been saving up enough. We've found an underground water source for the water.
I see, so the harvest was even better than I expected"
Yeah, it's possible to settle down like this"
I'm sure of it.
That these men are Humans who attack the town and steal water and food.
I couldn't forgive their unreasonableness.
I can't believe they're hurting innocent people for nothing but looting.
But I couldn't do anything else.
I can't even jump out of there.
I knew better than anyone that I was powerless.
But how did you find such a small town"
“...There was a man who ran away the other day.”
If I remember correctly, she was saying that she was coexisting with Floyd...
Yeah. He's an idiot trapped in the thought of the old era. Coexistence and harmony with Floyd, and thinking in this world is too pointless"
Coexistence and harmony......
Those words reminded me of a young man.
I saved her, brought her to this town... And that's the last thing she said to me.
In other words, it must have been these Humans who hurt her like that.
That's why you treated me like a phylloid, and kept me alive"
That's right. If I'd chased after him to bring him back, it would have worked in an unexpected way"
One of the men continued in an indecisive voice.
A Human appeared to help that man, and showed me the way to the town"
Hearing those words, I felt my back getting colder.
Why didn't you think about the cause of the young man's injury at that time?
I should have heard from Shiona that there was a group that was plundering them, but...
If I'd been more careful when I went back to town, I might have been able to avoid being followed.
I regret that I took such an easy action on the spur of the moment.
I'm the one who caused this attack.
We've gathered the main people in the town in one place. There are no rebels"
「I see. In that case, choose among them the people who are incapable of producing and managing it. The cause of the decrease in productivity is――」
As he said that, the man who received the report pulled his gun out of his pocket.
“Dismissal.”
「――Stop iiit!」
At the same time I understood what she meant, I screamed.
But I couldn't help yelling at the Humans who said dismissal so carelessly"
Then, the men on the spot turned around.
And then, there was her eyes.
Secure it"
With that voice, the men ran up to me.
I run off in a panic.
But my body couldn't keep up with my feelings.
My legs weren't moving well, and I ended up losing my balance as I ran away.
Soon, the men came up behind me.
It's as accurate as a machine.
This is bad, I'll get caught at this rate.
I ran into an alley.
The alleys are covered in mud due to the rain.
My legs were taken, but I still ran away.
Occasionally, she knocks down the wood on the wall, trying to slow the men down.
But that won't stop me.
I realized that the men were right behind me.
Can we run away like this......?
I was aiming for the library.
Even if she managed to escape to the library at this rate, they'd still find out that Tippy was here.
If Tippy gets attacked――
I changed the direction of my toes.
I run into the door that looks like the back door to the building closest to me.
Coincidentally, it was Mud's general store.
I searched for a place to hide――
「!?」
I find a figure sitting in a chair.
Mud didn't answer.On that day, he folded his arms and sat in a chair as shallowly as he did after turning the projector.
「Mada-san, you can hear me, right!? Please stop joking around at a time like this, Mad-san――Mada-san?」
Just as I was about to close, I swallowed a scream.
As soon as she touched Mud's shoulder, Mud――quietly fell off the chair. It was as though she'd already run out of things.
“Wh-Why―?!”
Had those men disposed her?But that didn't feel like an external wound"
I've found the target"
Ironically, the voices of the men who chased after me made me realize that I was on the verge of panic.
But it was too late.
「A certain amount of labor will be enough, I'll eliminate it.」
Unable to deal with anything, I jumped away from Mud in a hurry, the men stepped in, and the first man pointed his gun at me 
Ray"
Several things happened at the same time immediately after.
A gunshot resounded, making a dry sound.
And then, a silhouette slipped in front of me as if to protect me――
“Shhhh...”
It took me a while to grasp the situation.
The man stood up to protect me.
He turned his head to look at me.
He was always looking at me with the same smile.
And a few seconds later――
「Shionaaaaa!」
I scream with a pure-white head.
Seeing that, my body began to move unconsciously.
I swung one of the shelves down with the arms of a machine hiding under my gloves. It knocked down the shelves in a chain――then scattered even smaller bits of dust around.
At the same time, she picked up the canned food that had fallen onto the floor and threw it at the window with all her strength.
The men reacted to the sound of glass breaking.
You ran away from the window"
Let's go after her"
The men dashed out of the open door.
“You've gone?”
And then, right next to the fallen shelf, I crouched down on the floor half-deep in shock.
Holding onto Shiona's chest, so that the shelves and fragments wouldn't hit her.
Shiona, Shiona, hang in there"
I frantically shook Shiona, who was closing her eyes.
It looks like she's fainted.
I glanced at Shiona's body, but I couldn't find anything that looked like a wound.
(Didn't the bullet hit him? But he might not be safe because he's unconscious.)
Anyway, we need to evacuate at least once.
――There's only one place I can do that......
I took a deep breath and remembered.
about the girl who was waiting at the library.
I went through a back alley so that the Humans wouldn't find me, and returned to the library.
It was quite a handicap to keep Shiona on my back, but I continued to slip through the destroyed building over and over again.
During that time, Shiona hadn't moved a muscle. It depended on her burden, but at the same time, it made me even more uneasy.
If something happened to Shiona――even though I was about to be crushed by that fear, I arrived at the library.
The clouds covering the sky made the color even darker.
Finally arriving at the library, I searched for Tippy.
Is Tippy all right?
At present, the library hadn't broken the rules.
There's no sign of anyone coming in.
Through the entrance, the inside of the building was tinged with silence.
Feeling relieved in her heart, she stitched up the shelves and searched for Tippy.
But no matter how much I searched, I couldn't find Tippy.
(Could it be...)
I frantically searched the area, as if to dispel my unpleasant thoughts.
(Could it be...)
I headed for the lobby, relying on hope.
I went around the back of it.
There was Tippy, who was trembling slightly, covering her ears and eyes.
I reached out to her small body.
I'm back, Tippy"
Tippy's shoulders bounced slightly.
But when she admits to me, she jumps up and hugs me.
Welcome back, Ray"
She pressed a large tear onto my chest.
Her body was trembling intermittently.
Yeah, I made her worry again.
I rub my hands around her back.
Don't worry... I'll never let you go again"
Perhaps relieved by those words, Tippy's trembling grew quieter, and eventually stopped.
「What happened? Shiona, what is it?」
Tepy asked anxiously as she stared at Shiona with her eyes closed.
I told her everything without hiding anything.
She was shot. To protect me... It looks like she wasn't hurt, but she's unconscious...
“Show me right away!”
With unprecedented agility, Tippy hugged Shiona and laid her down on the floor.
Ray's looking back, and I'm going to look at Shiona's wounds"
Ah, yeah... D-Did Shiona get hurt!"
I don't know. But I'm going to cum"
I hastily turned my back to see Tippy put her hand on Shiona's clothes.
Soon after――
..It's okay, it's okay... it wasn't, Ray"
Tippy's tone returned to normal.
I quietly turned around.
Shiona was breathing calmly on the floor of the lobby.
I thought she was being shot to protect me, but it seems she just fainted from the sound of a gunshot at point blank range.
“Thank goodness...”
I let out a sigh of relief from my heart.
Ray, why was Shiona shot"
“The Humans have come. And they've started looting in this town. They've destroyed buildings...”
I didn't tell her that the townsfolk were trying to disposal or that Mud-san might have already been disposed"
“And when I was about to be found and shot, Shiona protected me―”
I instinctively clenched my fist. Tepy looked at me sadly,
“...I see. But if that's the case... this place might be dangerous too.”
She answered with a meek expression.
「I wonder if I'll be able to do anything if I hide...... until the Humans leave......」
As if to control my words, Tippy shook her head sadly.
The Humans have found this town. The town where we live. That's why I'm here too"
No way... they're going to live here..."
Because this is a town"
Town... That's right.
I walked through the barren land until I got here.
There was nothing to eat, and I was always right next to death.
Those Humans must have traveled in that kind of world.
In that case, this town is a paradise I didn't even wish for"
But... why would you do something like that? The people of this town should be able to accept it"
It's for the best"
If that's the case, then I can do anything... I'm wrong to sacrifice someone!
.. Ray, you're scary"
Ah, sorry, I didn't mean to scare you, Tippy...
I undid my fist, which I had been holding in anger, and patted Tippy's head as if to reassure her.
Let's think about Tepy and Shiona for now.
If I stay in town like this, these two will be in danger too.
The truth is, I want to help the townsfolk, but I can't do it right now. I don't have the power or the wisdom to do it.
I'll freeze the emotions I've learned from Shiona and the townsfolk... and make the most efficient choice.
Let's go to a place where we can relax.
「Tippie, let's leave town for now. We'll figure out a way to help the townsfolk.」
As I said that, my chest tightened.
That's because I put my life on the line.
I've chosen the life I can reach right in front of me.
I'm sure that's a shame.Even though life is equally heavy......even so, I'm still trying to make a choice......
Yeah, that's a good idea"
The nod of a little girl eases my guilt.
「Let's hide in that abandoned factory for now. There shouldn't be anything Humans want there.」
“Okay, I'll have to prepare Ray and Shiona's food...”
That's right. I hope we can somehow stop by the church"
Our current library and church are on the other side of the town, on the other side of the plaza.
Even if I had to leave town and take a big detour, I wouldn't have been shot without any cover. On top of that, I'd be carrying Shiona on my back.
If that's the case, I guess I'll just have to go through the rubble again. This time, I'll be with Tippy, so it'll be even more difficult......
I explained that to Tippy as easily as I could.
Is it difficult to go to Kyokai"
Yeah... for now"
“In that case, let's go.”
..Did you"
Yeah, I did. I'm going to go tokyo after I'm done"
Yeah, that's right. No one's going to find you if you don't"
「Underground...underground...but how?」
You can just go inside and pass through the town like that"
...I see.
If that were the case, I would probably be able to get to the church without anyone finding me.
「That's a good idea, Tippy! You're amazing, Tippy.」
Eheheh... Ray praised me.
「But I wonder where the manhole is in town.」
Hmm... Ray, come over here"
Tippy took my hand and guided me to the bookshelves.
Without a moment's hesitation, I arrived at a certain shelf.
That book"
I picked up the book that Tippy was pointing at and opened it up.
Inside was a map of the town's manhole and its sewers.
That's amazing, Tippy! With this, I can get to the church without any problems"
Thanks... Ray"
Tippy narrows her eyes when she pats her head.
「Okay, Tippy. Let's get going.」
Yeah... but wait. I'll do it, so wait――a little longer"
Yeah, it's okay"
Thank you, Ray"
Bowing, Tippy disappeared into the back room.
She told me there was no problem, but I was still worried that she hadn't regained consciousness.
Maybe what Humans fired wasn't a gun that fired, but a weapon that robbed people of their freedom.
If we can figure out the cause, we can figure out how to deal with it.
Was the unknown situation this terrifying?
「Rei, sorry.――What's wrong?」
Tippy came back from the back room.
No, it's nothing. I was just a little worried about Shiona"
I answered, pretending to be as calm as I could.
So, what are you taking"
Tippy said she'd been preparing, and was carrying a large bag.
“Give me... a stuffed animal.”
I see. So it's important"
Also... Papa and Mama's lunch"
Tepey said sadly.
A picture of my parents who would never come back.
I don't understand how Tippy feels as she gazes at that picture.
Umm, what about this"
In addition to her large bag, she held a thin but firm metal bag in her hand.It felt a little too crude for a small Tepey to hold.
Well... I'll eat later. More importantly, Ray, let's go"
“Ah, yeah...”
She shouldered the burden of Shiona,who was lying on the floor,with Tippy's help.Strangely, she couldn't feel its weight.
I'm ready, Tippy"
Okay, then... bye-bye"
Tippy said goodbye to the countless bookshelves.
That voice sounded somewhat sad.
I still haven't healed this girl's sadness at all.
But I didn't give up.
We'll be together from now on.
Little by little, as we spend our time together.
I want to heal Tippy's sadness.
And one day, I want her to smile from the bottom of her heart.
That was my secret wish.
Come on, let's go"
“...Yeah.”
Even so, Tippy followed me without uttering a single whimpering sound.
By the time we got to the church, we were pretty exhausted.
There was no sign of Humans around.
We carefully looked around and set foot into the church.
The chapel was silent.
It's as if the uproar in this town is a lie.
I found the music box on the altar in the back of the chapel.
I wonder if Shiona was listening to that sound here?
As I turned to the music box, the sound of my footsteps echoed throughout the chapel.
I approached the altar and reached for the music box.
As I turned the wheel, a melody overflowed from inside.
That melody warms my heart somehow.
――Suddenly, I heard a voice.
That was what I heard from behind me.
Welcome back"
Shiona stepped down from my back as she said that.
「That's fine. There's nothing painful about it? Even though Tippy said it'd be fine...」
Yeah, she seems fine"
Shiona smiled as if to reassure me. And then, she looked at Tippy beside me.
So... you're here too, huh"
“Yeah...”
As usual, with a sad face――and with a face prepared for something, Tippy nodded.
“Shiona...”
Tippy pointed her hand towards Shiona and stopped her words.
I know... but I know"
Shiona hung her head, trying to endure something.
“...Shiona.”
On the other hand, Tippy was still kind......
That was such an unexpected word.Shiona held her breath and stared into Tippy's small eyes.
I learned something while I was with Ray. About what Shiona was trying to do"
“But then...”
That's why I came here. I can't go to the library anymore. ...And this town too"
「I'm sorry, Tippy...」
It's okay. You don't have to be Shiona"
She softly hugged Shiona as she fell to her knees and plunged into Tippy's chest.
It was almost as if Tippy had an illusion that she was much more like an older sister.
Rei, what should we do now"
When Tippy told me that, I hurriedly returned to my senses.
“If Shiona seems okay, I want to help the townsfolk. Especially the people who were told to dispose of them...”
A lot"
“Yeah...”
That was a cruel way of saying it......A way of saying that I didn't see the same Human as a Human......
Will Ray be able to do it"
“I don't know, but I can't just sit there and watch people get killed in front of me.”
But Ray is in danger"
Yeah, I know that, but...
He was up against a group of people who were willing to point a gun at him. There was nothing he could do about it if he challenged them head on.
I'm sure we won't even be able to talk.
I promise. If it gets even a little dangerous, I'll definitely turn back"
I'm sure of it. If Ray gets hurt――I won't be able to recover anything"
Yeah. I can't leave Shiona behind either"
Ray...
“Shiona...”
At that moment, we let go of the magnet as if it were backing us up.
I-I'm sorry! It's not like I forgot about Tippy"
“It's not fair, Shiona...”
Tepey said that with a slight twitch in her mouth.
I'm sorry, Tippy. I didn't mean to...
I apologized as I gently patted her on the head.
“Mhm... That's not it...”
Even though she said that, her expression was the same as that of a normal Tippy.
Shiona laughed first――then me and Tippy both smiled.
We laughed together like this.
Without anyone, the three of us hold hands.
We tightly grasp each other's hands, so that we never leave again.
And before that resolve wavers, I proclaim it.
“The three of us will always be together from now on. Always―”
But, as if to mock me....
Footsteps rang out in the distance.
Typhi's smile stiffened at Shiona's smile.
I'm sure I'm getting stronger, too.
Everyone in the town has been arrested.
(In that case, what's heading to this church right now...)
Without a doubt, it was Human.
I was the first one who could move. I looked out the window to make absolutely no noise.
There was only one silhouette.However, she didn't know how many people were coming after her.
「Shiona, Tippy, go to the back of the chapel. bend your body as much as you can so that you can't see it from the outside.」
It's fine, but shouldn't we lock the door first"
You can't. If you do that, we'll definitely be called for backup. If you do that, we won't stand a chance"
I wanted to neutralize that Human without making as much noise as possible.
She thought she could do something about it if she was alone.If it was just the two of them,she could do something about it if she made a surprise attack.
But if there were more than three of them――I hadn't told Shiona or Tippy, but I was going to be arrested.
I hide my footsteps and stand behind the door. In the meantime, my footsteps keep getting closer and closer.
There was only one of them.Nothing left to follow.
「......uuuu......」
I took a deep breath and made up my mind.
Her breath stiffened.The sound of her footsteps...was right next to me.
The door slowly opened.
Then, a man with a gun slowly entered.
――Not yet!
At that moment, I swung my arm from my blind spot.
I immediately kicked the gun off the floor.
At the same time, I tried to get rid of her, but I couldn't do anything about that.
We're still close to each other.
It's probably safe to assume that he has weapons other than guns.
In that case, if I jump at the moment I reach out to her, I'll be hollow.
However, the man quietly tilted his head and looked at me.
「You bastard, what are you planning?」
She asked me in a toneless voice.
Why are you opposing us? Are you the owner of this town"
The owner? I just want to do something for the people of this town"
You sound like a phylloid"
.. Then what... that's why I'm here"
As I said that, I took off my right hand glove and showed her my mechanical hand.
It wouldn't be a good idea to fight me head on.
If I make her think that, she might pull back.
For now, as long as Shiona and Tippy are safe, that's fine. Even if they find out who I am, I'll protect what I want to protect.
That's my role as a phylloid.
The man tilted his head again at my actions.
「What are you talking about? I can't cause any combat activity with Phylloyd. They're designed to obey orders so that they can't defy Humans.」
Eh"
「Either way, you are incompatible with the ideas of the old era. I will eliminate you before you become the cause of disaster.」
The tip was aimed straight at her throat.
I grabbed the blade of the knife with my right hand. Then, I put strength into it and twisted it in a big twist.
Just that, the blade of the knife broke from the base.
I put all my body weight on her and pushed her down. I put my left arm's elbow against her throat and sealed my legs with my knees――
“Rey!”
Shiona jumped out of the room.
I said as I repressed her throat with my left hand and raised my metal-covered right hand.
It's a metal arm that can also break a knife. If you swing it down to your head with all your strength, you won't be safe.
Ray, don't.
Shiona begged in a trembling voice.
――But...
I gnawed at my back-teeth as I swung my right hand with all my might.
My right hand was half-deep.
Not on the man's head, but on the floor right next to him.
Why are you letting me live? Killing me is the right choice for our own safety.
That's what the man said, expressionless.
That's not true. Killing him for any reason is wrong.
It's unbelievable. It's too inefficient"
「I will take you hostage. And I will release the townsfolk.」
I grab her by the collar and wake her up.
「That is meaningless. My life is of no value. I have no reason to regret it if dying now opens up a future for my fellow countrymen.」
The man took something out of his pocket without changing the tone of his voice.
It was an old-fashioned bomb. It grabbed my arm at the same time as it took the safety pin off.
Wha"
I quickly pull my arm back, but it doesn't even budge.
I was horrified.
Why didn't this Human show any emotion in his expression, despite the fact that he was about to kill himself?
It was as if my body was bound to the color of her eyes, as if she couldn't see my intentions.
No! If I stop thinking, it's over!
In an instant, I switched my head and started analyzing the situation.
The man had a really small bomb the size of a small fruit.
However, as long as it's a bomb, it's likely to kill or injure people, and above all, it's possible for Humans in the town to notice the explosion.
When? When will it explode?
(He's probably planning to blow himself up. I'm sure he doesn't have much time.)
But what should I do? If the explosion is too large, Shiona and the others will be hurt.
It's impossible to neutralize this bomb, so how can we minimize its effects?
I instinctively hugged the man in the form of a bomb.
(If I do this, I might be able to protect Shiona and the others from the blast. It might be incomplete, but it's the best choice.)
Just the two of us--
The next moment, a shock came.
From the side. I felt like I was being pushed......no, no, I was pushed!
As I tumble on the floor, I look at where I came from.
Shiona was there, carrying a bomb.
「Shiona!」
Get down"
The bomb she was gripping exploded with a strong light and sound.
The explosion wasn't that big because it wasn't designed to kill people.
Even so, at close range, I was getting dizzy with the blast and sound.
Humans at close range also fainted.
「Shiona!」
In the midst of my swaying vision, I screamed.
Please, stay safe.
「Shiona!?」
.. Ray"
「Shio...na...」
Shiona, I'll treat you right away"
The distance between us felt very long.
I slapped on Shiona's staggering leg as I walked up to her.
That's when I saw it.
What... is this...?
I was at a loss when I saw Shiona.
The right arm being thrown to the floor......a metallic――frame......from her wrist to the tip?
It wasn't a bone.It was definitely different.It was clearly different from that of a Human.
And then――no.
That's strange.
What was supposed to be there...was gone.
Red.
That's proof of Humanity.
Wh-...Wh-...Why"
“B-But...”
I grasped the right hand of my machine, which was covered in gloves.
That's right, if it was the same......then it would've been better if it was the same......
“Siona... are you― okay?”
Yeah, at least this much"
That's not true.
There's no way that would happen.
He suffered an explosion from such a close distance.
There's no way she'll be okay.
I'm sure it hurt so much that I can't help but cry.
And yet...
So why?
Ray, your head's better than mine"
I followed Shiona's gaze and placed my hand on her head.
――Yeah, I wonder why.
Why is there something I need, Shiona?
I don't need this.
I don't need this, so I wanted Shiona to see me.
No, it should have been.
Shiona said that, touching my head.
You're bleeding, okay"
Blood was flowing from my head.
It's red.
Red blood.
Something that doesn't flow into Phyllod....
In contrast, not even a drop of blood was flowing from Shiona's arm.
Instead, I can see the exposed mechanical parts.
This only means one thing.
It was――
.. Ray? It's a big one, but it's okay――Shiona!? Ray!"
Tippy screamed as she came out of the room.
Tears welled up in her eyes with an uneasy expression.
We both have to fix our wounds...!
I'm fine... I'm fine...
Just as she was about to start panicking, I gently hugged her.
She hugged me and opened her eyes to my chest with a slightly relieved expression.
But it's unstable.
It felt like it was about to collapse at any moment, but watching it made my heart ache.
Ray... what should I do? I can't stay here anymore...
She said in a trembling voice.Shiona nodded.
It's true that with that explosion just now, other Humans will definitely come.
There were a lot of things I wanted to ask.
There were a lot of things I wanted to confirm.
But now, I swallow it.
.. Let's go, let's leave town"
We left the church with a bare minimum of luggage.
And then, following Tippy's instructions, he used the back roads of the town to escape to the outside world, heading for an abandoned factory.
It made me realize that as well...
I'm the only one... who feels heavy from exhaustion.
Guided by Tippy, Shiona pulled me along and continued walking.
I finally got to the abandoned factory and sat down on the ground.
I fixed my rough breathing next to Shiona, who had a cool face.
Tippie, I'm going to go get some water"
After glancing at Shiona, the little girl disappeared into the back of the abandoned factory.
She had probably entrusted the entire explanation to Shiona.
..Shiona"
Shiona returned a slightly troubled smile to my voice.
I'm sure you've already noticed, but I'm... no. All the people living in this town are phyloids.
That's because... I was trying to look away.
I had a premonition......that something was wrong......but I didn't want to admit it......
So... I'm a 'Human'"
When my head was damaged, a red liquid leaked from the damaged area.
It resembled the blood flowing into a Human's body"
There was no such liquid onboard, so it shouldn't have flowed.
You've always misunderstood it because you have a machine arm... That's a medical artistic piece to make up for lost limbs in an accident or something"
No way... then I'm really...
That's right, you're Human. We're the parents and partners of Phyllod. And that's you. Everyone in the town is Phyllod. You're the only one who's Human"
“I see...”
I stared at the right hand of the glove-covered machine and weakly gripped it.
The existence I've been thinking about up until now was the complete opposite......
Shiona's a firoid... and I'm a Human....
――In other words, I'm a Human who should hate myself.
I felt something deep in my heart.
That feeling was painful.
I'm sad.
i'm angry.
She was the same cold-hearted, merciless, evil person as I thought she was.
I couldn't help but feel painful.
I get angry at the fact that I can't change it.
The man I was dealing with earlier was right.
I'm a Human, not a Floyd.
And the rulers of Humans are trying to do terrible things to the people of the town of Phyllod, the rulers――No, they're probably already doing it.
How did this happen?
I just wanted to live with Shiona and the others.
I just wanted to make everyone happy.
But, but, but――
I can't do that.
Because I'm a Human.
That's because I'm one of the creatures that can't be helped.
I felt a warmth in my fist.
I look down, and Shiona's hand is on top of mine.
The temperature is artificial.
But it had nothing to do with me.
...It was warm.
Just from that, the feelings that had been straining my heart faded.
But at the same time, my own fault was exposed.
I wonder if I have the right to show her kindness.
Do you want to know more about you"
Shiona smiled at me as she spoke.
Are you Humans"
Yes, Human. Do you want to know about our partner"
If I could, I'd like to know.
So I nodded.
I want to know... I want to know why we're like this.
Rei, do you remember the picture of Tippy in the library"
“Yeah, I remember...”
I draw that picture every day, every day, every day, every day, no matter what"
I closed my eyes and recalled that scene.
There were dozens, even hundreds of paintings in crayons.
How many do you think there are"
「I don't know......if you're a phylloid too, I've drawn one for years...there's probably a thousand of them.」
86,667.'
“Hachiman...”
A strong vertigo attacked me again, but it wasn't due to the explosion or the subsequent blood loss.
Did Tippy spend that long time alone in the dark library?
There shouldn't have been anyone coming to the library.
It must have been lonely days.
Thinking about the time Tippy's spent there, I felt as though I'd lost my footing.
That's what Tippy's been enduring.
With that small body.
「We, Phyllod, were born several decades ago. Humans wanted us to――」
Shiona taught me the history of Phylloid as if singing a song.
First of all, the Phyllod is an android with Human emotions in it, which has reached its practical stage.
Emotional basic information has been installed from the beginning, and an independent thought circuit has been adopted to learn new emotions.
Including that, it could be said that it was extremely close to Human.
Therefore, he could be extremely close to Humans not only in his work, but in his life as well.
Eventually, some companies appeared equipped with custom-made emotions and memories, leading to an unprecedented floyd boom.
Families who can't have children buy their children's floyds, and those who lose their parents or children order their memories of them.
In the blink of an eye, the number of floyds increased, and in a mere ten years, a number comparable to the population of Humans began to be produced.
Among them, the most groundbreaking one was the one called love which contained the most complex emotion of Humans"
It had the ability to bear the burden of life's companionship.
You can obtain those you love without going through the process of love, and that love is half-permanently guaranteed.
As late marriage progressed and the number of Humans who prioritized work over love increased, the demand in society was great, and they were accepted with applause.
However, the family that had succeeded in marrying Phylloyd did not have children, which accelerated the decrease in the number of children.
And the declining birthrate will create a shortage of marriage partners, which will lead to a loop that will increase the matrimonial relationship with Phylloyd.
And before I knew it, Humans had forgotten how to nurture love"
Shiona smiled sadly.
「Human children started to be artificially created using science. However, Humans who lost their love couldn't teach their children love.」
Love was the cause of all emotions.
Because of love, I feel the joy of being able to touch someone.
Because I have love, I feel anger when I know what I want to protect and when it hurts me.
Because of love, I feel sadness when I lose something important.
Because we love each other......we share the same feelings, we share them, and we know how fun it is.
But ......I forgot about that.
The Humans who came to the town were probably those Humans"
Humans who've forgotten 'emotions' together with love have lost even the heart to care for others.
Humans don't need love anymore, and they start to feel estranged from the existence of phyloids with emotions.
There's too much point in wasting time when I think about how to make my actions more efficient...
The Humans eventually came to believe that Phylloids should be machines.
To a harsh environment......to work with danger......to abuse things beyond the specifications......
However, there were Humans who didn't approve of that.
Humans who left behind feelings of love sued him.Phylloyd said he was his partner.
The world was divided into two.
Humans with love, and Humans without.
And then, the non-humans concluded.
The thought of the old generation should be exterminated as foolish......
I didn't even feel any hesitation from pushing the button of the weapon that was burning the earth.
It was all too soon.
Retaliation brought about retaliation, and it took less than five days for the world to be engulfed in flames and ash.
Poisoned land, black clouds blocking the sunlight, seas that couldn't moisten my life.
The history of Humans ended with their own hands...
That was such a stupid choice.
We were born for Humans, and stole the most important thing for Humans"
That's not true... We're all Humans at fault"
But there were a lot of Humans who survived. No matter how torn up the world gets, their lives won't stop walking"
Shiona spoke to me gently, so I couldn't say anything back.
..Ahem, aaah, aaah, aaah"
Suddenly, Shiona began her vocal exercises.
And then, when she faced me directly in front of her 
Nice to meet you. I'm Alice Mk-17, made by Asou International. Are you registered? If you're done, please select my name. It's my first name. Please be careful"
――I was caught off guard.
I had never seen her before... until now, but this was the first time I'd seen her so bright and innocent.
Were you surprised"
Shiona came back as usual and asked that.
“Y-Yeah...”
That's the oldest memory I have.
I can't imagine how long that's going to take.
Back then, every day was like a festival... It was really lively"
Saying that, Shiona showed me a newspaper clipping and a piece of paper.
A world-class musician, passing away"
The photo was the same as the one in the photo stand in Shiona's room.
He had a face like mine.
This is... Onii-san"
「Yes, this story was a long time ago. ......I'm the latest model among the phyloids I've been manufacturing. The fifth generation, I think.」
I wonder how Shiona feels when she calls herself manufactured"
Phyllod has the same emotions as Humans.
In other words, it's the same as Humans.
Is it really that easy to break through?
My generation is the first to use the concept of 'death' as a model. It's to get as close to Humans as possible. But those aren't installed in models before me... That's true for Mud and Tippy. Neither of them understands the concept of 'death'. There's no point in explaining it. The day will never come when they understand it"
to continue waiting without knowing death.
There was hope, but there was hope that would never be rewarded.
The despair of hope.
She thrusts it at me unconditionally.
If that's the case, wouldn't it be better if she told me about her despair from the start?
I thought it would be better that way.
You're a model from before... If I remember correctly, you're a second generation firoid. You can't get energy out of food until the second generation. That's why you're running on electricity. However, the battery's running time is limited. As an auxiliary battery, you have that bear plushie"
Come to think of it, Tippy always picked up a stuffed animal whenever she moved somewhere.
I had no idea it was a battery.
But that did make sense.
That Tippy has been at that library the whole time.
That library is the only one in town that has a power generation system.
Tippy stayed at that place to continue her activities.
Tipi's parents also passed away a long time ago. Probably over 200 years ago. But she's waiting for you, who don't have the concept of death. You'll always be alone"
What a tragic story.
I don't know about Phylloed's life span, but that's how Tippy's been for hundreds of years.
I shed tears every day.
A future that shouldn't come ......I'm trapped by hope that can't be granted.
In that lone library.
It looks like there's a lead ball in the back of my chest.
It hurts and hurts.
But the more I think about it, the deeper it falls into my heart.
But it's painful to know"
And Shiona was aware of her death. In other words, she couldn't even hope to meet him again.
You're watching Mud collapse at the general store, right?
“Yeah... It was strange. It felt as though my soul had left without any external wounds―”
She could tell now.The mad at that time was already broken.
But we have to live like this. Death for us――until the day we break. To us, who have no illness, that's eternal time. That's why we're Humans. If we don't, it'll be too sad, right? We'll take over the work our partner was doing, or substitute for the job that disappeared...... We'll travel around the world just like Humans did. So that this world that Humans used to run will never stop"
Mud ran a general store.
Photographers, bars, and towns were lined with a variety of stores.
It was all thanks to Phylloed's efforts.
It was the efforts of the Floyds, who were trying to protect the Human world.
It was the last hope of the Phyllos who had been left behind.
When Humans come back someday, we'll spend every day talking about the world we had fun in, so that we can give it back"
Shiona smiled.
Emotions that never match the current situation.
Shiona was protecting herself with that smile.
I saw that smile sad.
「......but we're defective too. If something hurts so much that we can't stand it, we'll only get emotional. I'm like this, Mud's always mad, and Tippy's always sad.」
But continued Shiona"
That's our final fortress. If that emotion disappears, we'll be broken... and we'll die"
「Then, when Shiona was shot, Mad-san――」
Yeah. I didn't go on a trip. After Ray finished showing that movie, Mad-san was scared――No, she stopped moving"
“In that case, it was Shiona who closed the shop?”
Yeah. If we don't do that, the people in town will be worried about you. You're right, aren't you"
Well, that's true, but...
If the store was still open there, I would've definitely entered the store and found Mud who wouldn't be able to move.
If the Humans hadn't come, I'm sure they wouldn't have noticed.
In the end, it was clear that I hadn't misjudged her.
I didn't want to believe it, but that was the truth.
Onii-chan told me. 'Emotions are a piece of the puzzle called life.' Emotions are a piece of life. If you lose your emotions, all the pieces will collapse. That's the same for Humans and Phyllodies. Mad-san's anger toward his son has been dispersed, so it's broken"
If that's the case, I'm the one who killed Mad.
I found the recycling device on my own, and showed Mud my son's movie.
If only that hadn't happened, Mud would still be on the move.
Shiona turned to my left and placed her hands on mine, as if she realized how I felt.
Don't worry, it's not Ray's fault. Sooner or later, we're destined to be like that. It's the same as Humans can't escape death. I'm sure Mud-san was happy. At the end, he was able to know his son's true feelings"
“Maybe. But...”
My indescribable feelings build up.
If I had known that at the time, I would have forced myself to stop her.
You're so kind, Ray.
That's not true...
Shiona stood beside me.
I couldn't see Shiona's expression.
Anxiety hits my chest from the inside.
Because even if I knew, I still wished for it. I thought I'd be able to see that smile again someday"
Shiona smiled sadly as she looked down at Onii-san's picture.
That's why, when I first met Ray, I was really happy. Aaah, it really was a dream. Onii-chan was alive"
to die.
Whether I knew it or not, both of them were painful.
They were built in a good way by Humans, forced upon their families, and left with nothing but the pain of death.
Selfish and disgusting.
That was us Humans.
You're feeling lonely because you lost your family. That's why, if you act like a family, you'll die. That doesn't mean I don't want you to say that. There's a rule that we shouldn't act like `I'll make you realize you're a Phylloyd. That'll ruin Human's dreams. But I've gone too far... I'm sorry"
When Shiona lowered her head, a sweet fragrance wafted through the air.
It's true that what Shiona did was unforgivable.
But when I think about it from Shiona's point of view, it's obvious that this is the best way to do it.
It can't be helped. Shiona just followed the rules, it's not bad at all"
Forgive someone like this, and forgive someone.
Apologize, and apologize.
Cry, get angry, smile.
That's what Humans are.
The women, who were phyloids, knew that better than anyone.
Thank you for telling me, Shiona. You're so good to a Human like me――"
I'm sorry as a Human.
I can't believe I'm trying to repay my debt to Phyllids for all they've done for me.
Even as we speak, there might be Humans ”disposing” of Phylloids in town.
And Phyllod wouldn't be able to resist that.
When I thought that, I couldn't hide the pain in my heart.
Shiona gently extended her arms and hugged me.
A warm warmth enveloped me.
Isn't that obvious? Humans and Floyd are partners now and in the past. That's what the future holds in store for us"
It felt like that was the emotion I didn't understand until the very end.
It's warm, wide, deep, strong, gentle, soft, big, precious.
Humans had lost something serious.
But they remembered what Humans had forgotten.
Years, decades, hundreds of years.
Even though they endured being alone, they continued to protect them.
I feel like I have to take over and protect her the same way.
That's not an obligation or an order.
That's what I wanted.
I'm back, there's a beautiful water"
While I was sharing my body temperature with Shiona, Tippy called out to me from behind.
Feeling embarrassed for some reason, I quickly distanced myself from Shiona.
The warmth that had been touching my skin was kidnapped by the air.
However, that gap was soon filled with a new warmth.
When I looked, I saw that Tippy was in between me and Shiona.
“Teepee too― Hold tight.”
Shiona and I exchanged glances.
Shiona seems to be entrusting her judgment to me.
Tippy has lived in solitude for 200 years.
At this rate, Tippy will be able to live semi-permanently without breaking.
But is that happy?
Is an empty life worth living?
I hugged Shiona.
Tepey was standing between us.
Shiona hugged me in the same way.
Tippy hugged us both and whispered softly.
It's warm...
It was the first warmth in 200 years.
For 200 years, Tippy had been waiting for something as trivial as this.
It was a very sad time....
If I'm going to be given 200 years' worth of warmth, I'd definitely like to be given to Tippy.
If I do that, I think I'll be able to say that the time Tippy's been waiting for isn't a waste.
What are you going to do now, Ray"
Shiona asked me, still holding Tippy from behind.
If I could... I'd like to save everyone in town... but I don't think that's possible right now.
I'm sorry to the townsfolk, but I don't have that power.
First of all, I want to secure the safety of Shiona and Tippy.
It's a little far, but let's go to the factory where I woke up"
No, that wasn't a factory, was it?
A world where people couldn't live during the war.A facility where people would continue to sleep until the soiled ground became even slightly better.
I... I woke up a little late.
「There's still electricity there. We can take Shiona orally, so we can handle it if we bring food from the town. But in the case of Tippy, we need to recharge it.」
“Shiona...”
She must have realized it just from those words.Tippie let out a voice.
Yeah, that's right. ...I'm sorry"
No. I thought it was about time I said it"
With a somewhat pitiful, yet slightly stiff expression, Tippy continued.
If you don't do what Tippy can... right now"
.. Tippy"
Shiona asked him, probably because something was bothering her.
Let's survive together"
Those words were unreliable.
There's no guarantee.
Even so, all I could do was keep saying those words.
The three of us will always survive together"
It was just an ideal.
I know the world isn't so soft that I can live on ideals alone.
Of course, the same could be said of Shiona.
Even so, Shiona didn't question me at all.
Anxiety and discontent.
All those words were sealed away.
I'm sure they were filled with them.
In fact, those emotions violated my heart.
Even so, it was necessary.
Words of hope.
.. Yeah"
Shiona nodded and hugged me and Tippy even tighter.
And so, we set out on a journey to the orphanage.
This is the town"
Seeing the wilderness with her own eyes, Tippy hugged the bear to her chest.
It's different from the scenery you know, Tippy"
Yeah. When I saw it last time, there was a Michi, a Mori, and then――And then――"
The scenery that Tippy had told me about was like a festival that Shiona had told me about.
At that time, it seemed that Humans were freely controlling not only the town, but also nature, phyloids, and even the weather.
In that case... by the time I started operating, Humans had already started to decline"
Shiona looked a little lonely. The dusty wind blew over her clothes, and the hem of her clothes was wide open.
「Come on, let's go!」
With a little food and a spare battery for Tippy, we started walking through the wilderness to survive.
And most of all, to survive.
We struggle, we struggle, we survive.
I struggle, struggle, and live.
That's enough as long as he's alive.
It was worth it to be alive.
That's what I truly thought.
Using the position of the sun as a guide, which I could faintly feel through the dim clouds, I searched for my memories as I walked.
As the sun set and the temperature dropped, the three of us fell asleep together.
Sometimes we sing, sometimes we encourage each other, sometimes we play....
I will continue my journey that will not only be painful.
It was three days later, when the sun began to set, that I crossed the reddish-brown earth and arrived at my destination.
The building is half-buried in sand... that means we can't find it like this. To think there's still such a facility left...
As we entered the room, the lights dimly lit up, and the air conditioning started to make faint noises.
When I woke up, the inside of the room hadn't changed a bit. For now, I'll clean up all of the phyloid parts that would be unpleasant for Shiona and Tippy.
I'm sure these floyds were protecting us from the cold-sleeping.
Yaaay, I'm gonna sit down.
Tippy ran off and sat down on the sofa.
As soon as I sit down, my body relaxes.
It seems I've been forcing myself quite a bit.
.. This place is kinda cold"
It's originally a facility for cold sleep"
Even though it's indoors, it's a little colder than outside.
The fact that the air conditioning has been switched means that the facility still has a function to raise the temperature.
But I don't know where it is.
I hope it's some kind of heating device...
Just do it like this. Ray, sit down next to Tippy"
“Like this?”
“I'll come closer!”
Like this"
When I asked her that, Shiona looked satisfied.
Yeah, I'll be fine"
And then, I sit on the other side of the seat where I'm clinging to Tippy.
――Just like me and Tippy, she's tightly attached to me.
Look, this is warm, right"
Y-Yeah... you're right"
It was definitely warm.It was warm, but......
「How is it, Tippy? Are you still cold?」
「Hmmm......it's warm.」
Tippy narrows her eyes and rubs against my arm.
Warm? I'm glad"
Yeah, it's warm... It's really warm, Ray. It's like"
Like, what's wrong"
It's like you're snoring"
「............」
I'm amazed that your papa and mama managed to stir up Tippy like this"
Yeah. It's warm like that time"
.. Yeah, it's warm"
..Hey, do you want to play again? Do you want to squeeze Tippy"
I almost hugged her without thinking, but when I felt Shiona's sad gaze, I stopped.
I can't do that, Tippy"
Why? Why don't you hold me tight"
「Yes, that's right. After all, Tippy, we're not family.」
I'm not a kazoku... Tippy, are you alone"
Yes. No matter how much we're together, we're all alone. We can't change that"
If she picks up her words, it's as cold as if she doesn't like Tippy.
But now I know.
Those words are full of kindness.
The only emotion left in Tippy.
――Sorrow.
To fill Tippy's heart means to release her from her sadness....
In other words, it's equivalent to dying.
Up until now, I hadn't even thought about it. I was holding her tight.
But that might have been a cruel kindness.
No, maybe it wasn't kindness.
It was nothing more than an act of self-satisfaction to shorten Tippy's life.
Shiona has been enduring it all this time.
To protect Tippy's sadness... And above all, to protect Tippy.
She probably really wanted to hug him.
She probably wanted to pat her head and say something nice to her.
She probably wanted to give him a smile that would make his heart turn orange.
Without holding out my hand to this blue girl, I endured the whole time.
That's why I thought I had to endure it too.
Even though I thought that――......I couldn't stop myself.
I couldn't just leave this sad-looking girl in front of me.
I embrace Tippy, along with the Shiona on the other side.
The depths of my eyes became hot.
I asked myself why I couldn't stop her, even though I knew this would shorten her life.
Isn't she just fulfilling her desires......?
I really am Human......
She's a selfish, selfish, self-centered Human who hurts people.
I hugged the two of them painfully.
I embrace the warmth of the two of them.
We brought warmth close to us, as if to fill the gap of two hundred years.
Even in this cold facility, the warmth of three people doesn't make me feel that cold.
It was so warm.
A melody spilled out from Shiona's mouth.
That song your brother wrote.
That melody lit up the warmth deep in my heart.
A gentle voice echoed throughout the factory.
You're Tippy, aren't you? I love you, Shiona"
Tippy said that, burying her face in my chest.
Remember when you and Mama were here... It's a little sad, but I can't stop myself"
A girl repeating her sadness.
Tippy's been repeating that sadness for 200 years.
Maybe I can't wipe away the sadness of those two hundred years.
But I can give her a moment of warmth.
I decided to embrace the two of them with 200 years' worth of warmth.
However, that little time didn't last long.
Huh... Tippy"
I glanced at Tippy as she sat down on the sofa.
There, there was Tippy, who was staring straight ahead, as if she had fallen for it.
What's wrong? Are you feeling sick"
Hmm? ...Hmm"
She doesn't seem to be feeling well.
Was it because I was released from the tension, or was it because I'd been walking for so long?
Either way, it looks like she needs a break.
You seem tired too, Tippy. Let's take a break for today"
..Y-Yeah"
There's an answer a little behind schedule. She's probably thinking about something.
「Ray, maybe you're short on energy, Tippy. That's why your attention is distracted.」
I see... then I'll have to replenish my electricity.――Huh, how do I do that"
It's a non-contact charge. The charging equipment should be the same, so we'll need to find a connector first and store it in the bear plushie"
Got it. If you find something that looks like that, please confirm it"
Leave it to me"
Leaving Tippy on the sofa, I check what's inside the equipment.
There were a lot of cold-sleeve devices lined up.She looked for something still leaking out of it.
And then, I opened the maintenance lid at its base and looked up the cables connected to the switchboard.
Soon after, I found something like an electrical connector connected to a thick cable.
Yeah, I'll be fine with this type. I'll borrow a teddy bear from Tippy"
Shiona borrowed a teddy bear from Tippy and opened the zipper on her back to open the connection.
I plug the charger into it, and the bear's eyes blink twice.
Shiona let out a sigh of relief, as if that was the signal to start the charge.
Teppei gripped Teddie's hand tightly. It felt like the light in her eyes was getting stronger, probably because of that.
「Shiona, let's eat too.」
She showed me an oral block she found while looking for a cable to recharge the batteries.
It's the same thing I found when I left this facility.
The taste isn't compared to Shiona's soup, but I think it's nutritious"
No, I'm happy I'm hungry. Just being able to eat makes my heart skip a beat"
I lined up the portable plates and lined up the oral blocks on top of them.
I thought that if I did this, it would look like a meal.
At a time like this, I want to treasure my daily life even if it's trivial.
I wanted to trace back to what I did at Shiona's house in that town.
It looks delicious"
Shiona smiled, as if to accept my wish.
The two of us put our hands together before eating.
Tippy, who had been watching us, came over to us.
And then, when I put the bear in front of her, she put her hands together like we did.
I'm with everyone"
「Tipii-chan......?」
Haha, Teehee is an amazing feast. It's very luxurious"
Tippy bashfully showed me her face.
In the past few days, it's been painful, but it's time for me to feel at ease.
We Humans must have lived like this with our partners called Phylloyd in the distant past.
No, I should still be able to get my life back.
Just like the girls taught me when I lost my emotions......I should be able to get back the time I forgot......
I was thinking about that as I brought the orbal block that was left on the plate to my mouth.
At that moment...
『Warning. The main battery's wear rate is over 90%. Please replace the batteries as soon as possible.』
Suddenly, in a clerical tone, Tippy said something like that.
『The service center will request an online exchange――The service center is offline. Retry.――The service center is offline. Retry.―The service center is offline. Retry......』
“Shiona, this is―!”
I don't know much about it, but I can't recharge your battery, Tippy"
I can't recharge it...
Was the voltage wrong? No, it shouldn't be a problem because I'm using a bear plushie.
So there's a problem with the battery itself?
If there's a possibility......that the battery's been operating for over 200 years, maybe it's deteriorated over time.
It wouldn't be strange for her to be exhausted.
Maybe we need a new battery...
A new battery...? Besides, you wouldn't have been able to replace it if you hadn't taken apart by a professional engineer..."
No way"
A cold sweat ran down my back.
In other words, Tepey will cease to act――No, will she die?
No way, even though we've come this far...!
It's okay... it's something I knew.
All we can do is stare as if struck by lightning at Tippy's usual tone of voice.
“T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T...
Yeah... I thought this would happen when I left the library. I've noticed that the battery's charging rate has been dropping for six or four or seven days now"
With a weak smile, Tippy answered.
Anyway, I need to do what I can for you, Tippy... Will you bring me the metal bag that Tippy was carrying"
O-Okay"
She'd been carrying a slim, but somehow reckless metal bag since the time she left the library.She carried it heavier than she expected, and brought it to her.
Tippy casually placed one hand in the middle of her bag.That alone automatically unlocked the two keys on the handle.
――There was only one black board inside.It was probably a slightly larger book.However, it was much thinner than that, and only half of the short picture book.
Tippy carefully took it out with both hands, then slowly turned to face me.
Ray, put your palm down here. It's not a machine.
“Like this?”
As Tippy said, she placed the other hand on the pitch-black board.Then――
A flowing male voice resounded from the blackboard.
「The current supervisor, Vortex MSK-3737, Dorothy's individual name, 『Tipie』, has approved the continuation of the work.Continue the registration process.」
『Confirmed. Registration applicant, please state your name to identify an individual.』
“Umm... Ray.”
『Understood. I have registered Ray as a new administrator. Please receive an oral instruction from the current administrator regarding how to use it. That is all.』
Saying that, the blackboard fell silent.
“Teehee, that was...”
「All the books in the library have been digitized. It's the backup data for Tippy's memory area.」
She sounded a little tired――and yet, in a tone that seemed to have accomplished something, Tippy answered.
I remember the many handwritten books lined up in the library.
I remembered every word that was written in that letter, Tippy.
So that book was written by Tippy after all.
Even if I stop myself someday......no, I can predict that I'll stop, so that I can leave a record of the prehistoric civilization as a book.
It wasn't the library there.Tippie was the library itself.
When you use it, place your hand in the center of the board, just like before. If you do that, the tablet――the board will glow. All that's left is for the admin's voice recognition function to be able to retrieve all the data"
“Well then...”
I activated the tablet called a tablet,as Tippy had told me to.I put my hand down as she had told me to.
『Confirm Biometrics, confirm administrator ray. Which data would you like to load?』
Manual! How to repair the Floyds... umm, how to replace the batteries"
『Search begin......there are 3,900,955 items and 124,000,7501 kinds of information on how to repair phyloids.I recommend narrowing it down.』
One of them is the 'Dorothy' from the Vortex MSK-37"
『Search started......the conditions are correct.』
The surface of the tablet shone brightly, and the letters came to mind.
『It's almost impossible for the user to repair it. Please let us rest until the service center arrives.』
It got dark in front of me.
How's it going"
「Yeah, it's moving...but...」
That tablet... only moves about... half a dozen more"
It's more than enough time for me, but it's probably not that long for Phyllod and the library's management system.
Is it really okay for me to use it"
「If anything, use it. From now on......I'm going to lose my temper......」
「That's not true! You've been helping me all this time, haven't you, Tippy!?」
When I fixed Shiona's music box, when I fixed Mad's projector, all of that was done because Tippy remembered the library's books and taught me.
I'm happy to hear you say that――From now on, use this......
Tippy, who was sitting on the sofa, lay down slowly.
“Teehee!”
Tippie-chan"
i've been waiting for 200 years.
I can't let that end here.
Tippy's small mouth flapped up and down.
She sounds like she's saying something, but her voice is too quiet to reach my ears.
I brought my ear closer to her mouth.
Hey, Ray... Teehee, it was fun"
Tippy's hand overlaps mine.
It's a small, soft hand.
Rei is your father, Shiona is your mother... You're both kind, and I love your family"
No matter how coldly I treat her, no matter how much I push her away, I can't hide my true feelings.
Tippy noticed.
I don't know how much we cared about Tippy.
From the moment I got involved, it was obvious that this was going to happen to Tippy.
There's nothing I can do about it.
Being alone the whole time was the only way for Tippy to live.
But of course that's impossible.
Tippy has feelings.
We're not perfect enough to overlook our sadness.
No, I'm not saying it's perfect.
We're allowed to have emotions because we can feel sadness.
Slowly.
Like a handkerchief that had fallen onto the water's surface, Tippy's eyes closed.
Even though we're the phyloids we created, we can't even save them.
We create as much as we can, and we can't do anything else.
Humans are selfish creatures.
「Hey, Shiona...」
Tippy's eyelids opened slowly again.But the light had already disappeared from her eyes.She probably couldn't see them anymore.
I'm here... I'm here, Tippy"
Shiona's voice was trembling slightly.
That's great... isn't it, Shiona"
Okay..."
Thank you for everything up until now. You did your best not to break Tippy, didn't you"
As I'm sure you've noticed, Tippy has been operating for over 200 years now... But she's been dead for over 150 years now. That's why Shiona and Ray aren't at fault. They're doing what they can"
When Tepey left the library and came to church, Shiona apologized to Tepey and Tepey forgave her.
That's what I meant......
So, please. Shiona, don't cry... sing... sing a song"
“Yeah... yeah!”
Tippie... I love Shiona's song"
Shiona began to sing. She sometimes hid herself and went mad. Nevertheless, Shiona continued to sing. To that melody――
“Thanks...”
Tippy smiled――and then stopped moving.
My hands trembled.
That's not all.
My whole body was trembling.
Just now, on my lap, one small life came to an end.
In other words, that might not be life.
But to me, that was an irreplaceable life.
Shiona quietly continued to sing.
She hadn't gone mad anymore.She hadn't changed at all――and yet, that song had a clear ring to it.
It was a melody dedicated to Tippy.
Something hot was flowing down my cheeks.
It ran down her chin and fell to Tippy's cheek.
Even though Tippy wasn't crying, she looked like she was crying.
I hugged Tippy.
That small body will never move again.
Her mouth wouldn't speak anymore.
There was no need for her to draw anymore.
That's death"
Warmth spreads over my head.
Shiona hugged me.
At that moment, my eyes got hot.
It's an emotion that's dripping down. It's unbearable pain, uncontrollable pain... and unbearable sadness.
I shed tears for the first time in my life.
Tears for Tippy――
After that, our lives changed drastically.
Tippy entrusted it to me. It was an electronic book terminal containing all of the library's books.
I used to be called a tablet, so my knowledge rapidly increased.
How to make crops, a house where only stone and mud can be made, how to predict the weather, a lot of animals and plants that can no longer be seen.
Furthermore, the newspaper database had been in place for the past 350 years, until the library stopped functioning.
If I search, I'm sure I'll be able to find out more about myself.
Are you studying today too, Ray"
Yeah. There are a lot of things I need to remember"
What kind of books are you reading today"
Surviving――It's a way to survive in any environment.
There wasn't that much power in the cold-sleep facility. So, if there was one, it would have to be able to withstand to a certain extent with just a small amount of electricity.
The issue of securing drinking water, which had been the weakest in this facility, has already begun to improve considerably, making use of the morning and evening dew.
That's right, from here on out, I can't move forward with just physical strength and physical strength.
From now on, all we need is knowledge. If we have knowledge, we can fight against many people on our own, or avoid them without facing them in the first place――or even win.
It might even be possible to help the townsfolk.
I absorbed the power that Tippy had left me"
While I was reading a book, Shiona was singing beside Tepy, who had stopped moving.
Shiona's brother's music box is one of the things I took from the town.
From time to time, instead of singing, she would turn the steering wheel and play the gentle melody of the music box.
It was a time of peace and quiet.
With my knowledge right now, I should be able to live here with Shiona forever"
That's why... I didn't notice.
Something's wrong with Shiona's body....
Ray, dinner's ready.
As usual, Shiona prepared dinner with a smile.
She had dissolved the oral block with water, making it look like soup.
It's very similar to the orange soup Shiona used to make in town.
Thank you, this soup will cheer you up"
I'm happy to hear you say that. My heart becomes orange"
But Shiona's soup is small, you know"
The soup in the bowl is less than half as big as mine.
「I'm a floyd, so this much is enough to save me.」
Really"
Yeah. That's why Ray, you should eat properly. If you get hungry, you won't feel better, right"
Yeah... Why didn't I notice?
By this time......her phylloid abilities had already declined......
With half the amount of energy I had, it only operated enough.
As usual, I read a book and Shiona sang a song.
While tracing the surface of the tablet with my fingertip, I pondered how to free the townsfolk.
And then, the rhythmic flow of the song suddenly stopped.
When I raised my head, wondering if something had happened, Shiona was holding her mouth shut as she froze.
The music box in my hand was also stopped.
「Shiona...? What is it?」
Umm... No, it's nothing. There's a little song"
As she said that, she took a deep breath.
And then, she began singing again 
.. Huh? What kind of pitch was it..."
Shio...na..."
Ahaha... That's weird. I loved that song, but wait a minute, I'll remember it right away"
Shiona closed her eyes and tried to sing out of the place where it had been cut off many times.
However, the investigation that came out of her mouth was completely different from the one I knew.
What's wrong... I can't remember Onii-chan's song"
「Shiona!? Is there anything wrong with your body!?」
I was an idiot. In the end, all I did was take care of myself.
I was treated kindly by Shiona, valued by her, satisfied with that, and spoiled... I hadn't thought about her.
When I left town, I was engulfed in an explosion that made me lose artificial skin on my arm.
「Shiona! You really were seriously injured at the time of the explosion!」
After thinking for a moment, Shiona shook her head.
That was fine, yeah"
Shiona The floyd won't lie.
But, thinking about Humans, she hides her words.
She said she was fine, so she probably didn't suffer any damage from being caught in the explosion.
Like she said That's"
..Shiona, could you show me what's wrong"
.. Yeah"
At my urging, Shiona hesitated for a moment before nodding.
I tried to avert my eyes from her embarrassment, but she wouldn't let go of me.
The white, taut chest of Shiona.
There was a small hole in it.
Well"
Forget about the fact that it's a woman's body, I get closer to that wound.
It's a gunshot wound.
I immediately remembered when Mud's store protected me from Humans.
“I... hit it...”
I thought you'd be fine, but it doesn't look like that"
Shiona stuck out her tongue and smiled, as if she were a child who had been found out about her mischief, but without showing any sign of guilt.
I know that's a smile to keep me from feeling guilty.
Even at a time like this, she's still thinking about me.
「...uku, search! MODA-117 Alice mk-17 Maintenance manual!」
The tablet shone faintly in response to my voice.
But Shiona covered the screen with her hand. Then, she slowly shook her head.
I don't stop smiling.
It's my body. I know it better than anyone"
“But... there might be a way! If only you had told me sooner...”
No, there's a reason I didn't say it.
Shiona knew that she had a fatal injury that she wouldn't be able to fix.
No matter how much I struggle, it's still the same reality.
It was repulsive to put it into words.
The word death was written in my head"
No matter how much I don't want to think about it, it just pops into my head.
I know. I'm going to die soon. Since I'm a floyd, should I say 'break'"
No, Shiona.
You're not going to break.
You're gonna die.
Ahaha, I think I'm a little out of it. I can't put much strength into my body"
As soon as Shiona lowered her shoulders, she fell to the floor.
「Shiona!」
I caught her in a panic and hugged her in an effort to be as comfortable as possible.
How long has it been like this?
Why didn't I notice...?
Breaking... does that mean I'm not me anymore...? But, can I fix it...?
It's okay... Shiona is Shiona"
“Ahaha... You know, right now... I'm a little scared...”
「Shiona...Shiona...u...」
Don't cry, Ray. You'll make Tippy laugh if you don't"
Shiona extended her hand to my cheek.
She paid me with her fingertip for the second time in tears.
I don't want Ray to turn blue... I want him to always be orange and fluffy...
Sad.
A tremendous sadness welled up in me.
It multiplyed endlessly in my mind, and I didn't know it would stay.
As time passed, that sadness grew darker and darker.
I wonder why she's sad.
That answer came up immediately.
because it's important.
He was important to me.
Even if the same phyloid appeared in front of me, that wouldn't mean anything.
It can be different in appearance.
If only the contents were you.
Rei... I thought you were my family. I thought you resemble Onii-chan, but that's not all. I thought you were important to me"
Family.
It's an existence where we can believe in each other without charge, even though there's no profit to it.
That's love"
Before I knew it, it was the emotion I wanted.
Before I knew it, I had noticed that emotion.
It's been......given to me all this time.
It's a natural emotion as I walk with someone in my life.
What's wrong, Ray... Don't make such a sad face... That's right, let's sing a song, then go to the plaza again... Everyone will be happy"
「...Shiona...?」
I promised everyone. Ray gave everyone a smile, and made them feel happy"
Those were memories of when we were happy. Memories of the happy days we had in town.
It's probably a turbid memory area.
But......
.. Yeah, let's sing. Everyone's looking forward to it"
I turned the steering wheel of the music box on the floor.
The melody began to play quietly.
Shiona loosened her cheek, closed her eyes, and began singing.
I closed my eyes, listened to the investigation, and thought back.
It's not a long time, but the town I spent in.
A person walking along the street stopped and turned around.
One by one, another, they gather in the plaza.
Children, the elderly, the mother of someone, her husband, the people of the town began to smile.
In order to get drunk on the melody of Shiona's song.
I'm sure that scene was a matter of course long ago.
Neither Human nor Phylloed had anything to do with it. They had smiles on their faces as they spent their time together.
We forgot about it......of course we lost it......
Hey, Ray... keep smiling all the time.
.. Yeah"
It's okay to be sad or angry... But... smile after that"
Hey... if love has a shape, it's definitely a round shape. After all, love never hurts anyone"
I held back my tears and laughed.
Hey... if love is warm, I'm sure it'll be warm. After all, love is something that wraps around you and warms you up"
Yeah... I'm sure of it"
Because of love, Ray isn't sad. Because love is something that protects and doesn't hurt you. I promise. No matter what happens, our love will protect you"
I cried too much, and felt pain in my eyes.
My vision distorted.
But among them, I could clearly see Shiona's smile.
Like I said, don't cry. Love is always by your side. Love is eternal. You don't have to cry. After all, it's eternal"
I placed my hand on Shiona's hand, which had been pressed against her cheek.
It was warm, but there was little strength left.
It's as if something's spilling out from between my hands.
I knew what was spilling out.
But I didn't want to admit it.
I hold her hand tightly, hoping that it doesn't spill out.
I can hear the song.
A warm melody that Shiona had always kept quiet about.
It's filling me up with warmth as I enter the gap in my heart that's starting to get dark.
I'm sorry for leaving you alone again"
“...! That's not true. That's not true!”
I wanted to scratch my own head.
I finally realized it now.
She wasn't afraid of breaking it. She was afraid of me being alone again.
I... got a lot from Shiona..."
Rei"
I grasp Shiona's machine hand with my Human hand.
That's right. Until I met Shiona, I was neither a Human nor a Phylloid.
Shiona's always been so close to me――I've become a Human.
I'll always be Shiona, not the other one. Joy, sadness, anger... you gave me everything. I won't forget it"
Aaah......no, I need to laugh here.
I had to reassure Shiona, but my feelings wouldn't allow that...
No matter how hard I try, the sadness welling up inside me brings tears down my eyes.
Like I said, Shiona, don't make such a sad face. I'll be fine. I'll definitely be fine"
I see... I guess that's fine then"
Shiona nodded, satisfied.
“Huh?”
Shiona narrowed her eyes as if confused. Then, as if pushed out of her eyelids, transparent drops began to cover her eyes.
That's definitely not it...
I said that in a trembling voice, smiling as if to reassure Shiona.
Now that I've become a Human, I can understand the meaning of those tears.
Shiona smiled back at me, as if she had noticed immediately.
Tears... flowed even when you were happy"
The strength slowly drained from Shiona's body.
i wonder if i can laugh?
I wonder if she's smiling so Shiona doesn't feel uneasy.
.. See you"
.. Yeah, see you"
*huff*.
Shiona closed her eyes.
At that moment, Shiona probably had the most beautiful face I'd ever seen.
After that, Shiona didn't open her eyes anymore.
Her calm face looked like she was smiling.
As if praying for my happiness.
But there's no such thing as happiness in a world without Shiona.
My life will go on forever. It'll be like living in hell.
Will I be able to endure it?
...No, I had to endure it.
My chest tightened to the point where it felt painful.
All my emotions creaked as they went around my body.
Is my heart this weak and fragile?
(Is losing someone important to me this painful?)
“Uahh... aahhh!”
My field of vision was dyed pure white, and I let out a moan as if to destroy that world.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa..."
Shiona said,
True, Shiona's love may be eternal.
But I couldn't stand it.
I know, this is emotion.
Shiona gave it to me.
This pain, this sadness.
But that wasn't all.
The warmth that remained in my chest, and the memories I had with everyone with my head held high that it was fun.
That was all that Shiona had given me.
Both of them are mine now.
Either way, I won't let it go.
How long had it been?
How much time does it take for Humans to sort out their feelings?
I... remembered the time I met Shiona over and over again.
The meal we ate together.
When we got up in the morning and exchanged greetings.
We went shopping together.
I went to an abandoned factory and made them worry.
When the music box was fixed, he was very happy.
Singinging in the town square, I was surrounded by a smile.
I made a promise....
I feel warmth.
I learned joy.
There were times when I felt angry.
I shed tears of sorrow once.
And then... she received love.
No......it was all love.
This tragedy was caused by the stupidity of us Humans who had lost their love.
Humans are helplessly selfish.
I repeat the same thing......
Even so, she would need someone.
That's my instinct. I wanted to see Humans when I woke up.
It's an instinct to seek love, to wish to walk together with someone.
I didn't even realize it was that simple...
I looked at the cold-sleeve device in front of me.
There were still a few of them, but they were still functioning normally. Each of them had Shiona and Tippy sleeping in their beds.
It was originally intended for Humans, but with this, I should be able to control the aging process a little.
I wanted to leave them behind, even if just a little.
I murmured in front of the pair, who looked like they were sleeping.
「Shiona, Tippy...I'm going.」
There was no answer.
There can't be.
But I continued.
I'm going on a journey now. It's not a journey without a goal, so don't worry. I'm going to find a world where Humans and Phyloroids can coexist"
That was also a wish spoken by that Human young man who had been eliminated.
If there was a world where Humans and Floyd could coexist, this kind of sadness wouldn't occur.
As long as there's a world where Humans and Floyd can coexist, there's no greater pleasure.
That's why I'm going to look for him now.
“And if it weren't for that world...”
I covered my fist with the palm of my hand.
..No, there's definitely one. There's definitely a world that you wanted to leave behind for us Humans"
It will be extremely difficult to find it.
But I have the knowledge that Tippy gave me.
And there was the emotion Shiona had given me.
There's a partner in this world who'll continue to convey love"
So, this journey isn't a journey of despair.
I'm going to borrow this. I'll come back one day"
In my hand is Shiona's brother's music box.
I turned the wheel in front of Shiona, who was sleeping, and the melody of peace filled it resounded.
I felt like I could hear her singing along with the melody.
Well then, I'm off"
A world where Humans and Floyd can hold hands――
I took the first step.
Even so, I retained hopeful and continued to reach both arms toward the light.
Are you awake"
「......what...is...here......?」
You just woke up from a long slumber. Do you know your name"
My name is...
this is alice mk17, made by also international. the individual name is not set.
It looks like the settings have been reset. Alice will be fine for a while.
The man in front of me held out an old wooden box.
What is this..."
It was inside the device you were sleeping with"
She took the box.It felt very nostalgic.
When I opened the lid, a dull, golden disc. When I turned the handle on the side of the box, a clear sound began to play.
A very beautiful melody as the metal comb gently bounced.
This song has been played for a long time"
A melody that is not in my record.
Even though it was supposed to be, it felt so nostalgic, warm, and warm in my heart.
And at the same time...
Something hot fell from my eyes.
「I've confirmed the out-of-control emotion function. It may require maintenance.」
「No, that won't be necessary. Take care of those feelings. ......though knowledge has been passed down, it took a long time to recover the skills to make use of it. I'm sorry.」
The man spoke gently to me.
There was a familiar expression on her face as well.
It's not in the record ......my memories......
Anyway, let's go home after we've finished all the maintenance"
Where are you going"
It's a town"
It was bright outside the facility.
Sora was blue and high forever.The white clouds drifted slowly as they drew various shapes.
The warm air filled the artificial heart and lungs.A gentle breeze gently caressed my hair.
It was a natural sight.
For some reason, I feel nostalgic about this normal world.
And... for some reason, I felt very sad.
I get in the car on the paved road.
The scenery you can see from the window is beautiful.
The greenery was overgrown.
A small fish jumped on the surface of the beautiful stream.
In the sky, small birds are twittering together as they fly.
All right, I got it"
We passed through the gate to reach a town surrounded by a white exterior wall.
It was overflowing with people.
Humans and floyds were living their everyday lives, holding hands.
The sight made my eyes hot again.
「Excuse me, but there is a risk that your emotional functions will go out of control. Your chest rhythm pattern isn’t normal either.」
It's fine. I'm sure that's the right thing to do"
Is that so? In that case, am I a defective product"
No, it's normal. You're closer to Human than any type of Phylloed"
Those words made me very happy as a floyd.
But I don't understand why she's saying that.
I gazed at the nostalgic town.
In a corner of the plaza, Human children and child-shaped firoids were playing happily.
That's the photo shop. The owner of the Phyllis is taking photos of Human family with a smile on his face.
In a sundries store far away, a Human was shopping, and the owner of a Phylloed shop was treating it in an unfriendly manner.
Sensei, welcome back"
A very cute girl, Phylloyd, rushed over to me.
Hey, I'm back. Have you been a good girl, Dorothy?
Yeah! I wrote a lot while you were gone, Sensei. See"
With a big smile on her face, the little girl showed me a picture she probably drew.
The townsfolk were laughing in a circle.
The crayon painting was so warm that just looking at it warmed my heart.
It was a picture that made everyone feel happy.
Huh? You're...
The girl looks up at me.
Nice to meet you. I'm Alice, nice to meet you.
Alice...? Good afternoon, Alice. Dorothy isn't here, so she's Dorothy"
Yeah, it's the same for me"
An unregistered Floyd.If he didn't have a main partner,what could he do?
The man next to me patted me on the shoulder, as if he sensed my anxiety.
What do you want to do"
「......what can I do......?」
Alice, will you praise me?
Yeah, this is it"
Dorothy closed her eyes and began singing.
It was a little clumsy, but I had heard that song before.
It's a song that has been sung for a long time. No one in the world knows about it"
The man took out a music box from the car.
I open the lid and turn the handle sticking out from the side of the box.
A clear sound burst forth, and a gentle melody began to flow.
As if drawn to that melody, the townspeople gathered.
Everyone listened to the sound, making a calm expression.
I know this scene.
The memory area that should have been pure white The memories that were breathing a little deeper gently hit my chest.
My mouth moved naturally.
That song, which should have been sung for the first time,...familiarized my heart......with my throat, lips.
The melody of the music box filling the plaza brings back memories.
Wow, it's really pretty. Jozu"
Yeah, this song is... a very important song"