Tomorrow, Mukai Kohinata will take his first vacation in a month.
When Danzo Shimura informed Weasel of this fact, he was determined to go ahead with the mission.
Arrangements were quickly made, and Weasel and his companion, Shisui, changed their mission schedule.
It was by Danzo's order.
Itachi will kill a Shinobi living in the same village tomorrow. ......
Although he is a traitor, he is still a fellow Shinobi.
He is a fellow member of our village.
I would be lying if I said I had no hesitation in killing such a man.
However, this was a task of greater weight and importance than any other that Itachi had ever experienced in his life as a Shinobi.
He could not refuse.
He managed to deal with his guilt by keeping in mind the fact that Mukai was a traitor who had been working behind the scenes with the Kirigakure no Sato and had been leaking important secrets of the Kinohagakure no Sato.
I'm ready!
A lively voice broke Weasel's reverie.
I've set eight in all, just like you said.
He smiled at his brother, who smiled back.
I smile back at him.
In the forest
Weasel was resting after the decision of tomorrow's mission.
Sasuke has begged him to join him in his training.
Among the trees, Sasuke hides a target with a double circle painted on it.
Itachi cannot see a single one of them.
"Come on, brother."
Sasuke's bouncing voice urges him on, as if he can't hide his excitement.
Nodding, Itachi puts a kunai in each hand.
He clasped one between each of his fingers, making a total of eight.
Eight iron nails protrude from his lightly clenched fists.
I lay down on my face and unify my mind for a moment
And then pour the chakra that I have accumulated in the depths of my belly into the depths of my eyes.
Sharan-gan ......
The breath of the trees becomes noisy at once
In the roaring, writhing pulse of life, I saw a small circular foreign body
eight
With a single small exhalation, the weasel kicked lightly on the ground
head and feet inverted in midair.
The reason for this is that when the body is upside down, the center of gravity is extended downward, stabilizing the body's position.
This stabilization increases the accuracy of the kunai's control.
Close your eyes and visualize the eight targets in your brain.
There were two that I could not reach from this spot.
The most troublesome target is the one that is randomly placed behind the huge rock in front of me.
First of all, I threw the four left-hand ones at once.
I hit the four targets in relatively easy locations with precision.
Now the two kunai held from the thumb to the middle finger of the right hand
This too successfully pierced the target
There are only two left.
The weasel's body is still in the air
Not a second has passed since he leapt up
The one between the middle and ring fingers is switched to the left hand
One kunai in each hand
Both arms swing and throw at the same time
The trajectories of the two kunai were superimposed on each other
The blades collided in the void, made a sharp metallic sound, and were sent flying in the wrong direction, as if bounced off each other.
Landing
The sharan-gane emitted a crimson light
Weasel stood up slowly and saw his brother in his line of sight.
Sasuke, who had been hiding behind a tree to avoid danger, peeks out
He was stunned by Itachi's arm, which had pierced the center of all the targets.
His mouth gaping open, he stares behind the rock in front of him
the nastiest target there.
Of course, he had punched that out too.
It was for this target that he changed his trajectory by crashing his last two shots.
That's awesome, bro!　Right in the middle of the blind spot behind the rock!"
Sasuke jumped out from behind the tree.
He has a kunai in each hand.
He was so distracted by the sight of his brother's arms that he couldn't stay still.
"Yo--shhhh,......, it's me too!"
"...... Sasuke, it's time to go home!"
Sasuke, who had been motivated and energetic, suddenly stopped moving.
He turned to his brother, his face full of frustration.
You promised you would teach me a new shuriken technique!
I made you a promise, and I think I've fulfilled it by what I've just shown you.
Tomorrow I have a rather important mission to prepare for.
Preparation of the mind, mainly.
My brother turns his head away, his mouth agape.
The cool eyes beneath his furrowed brow were so twisted that he looked as if he were about to cry.
...... brother liar."
I'm not angry that he didn't teach me shurikenjutsu.
He was angry that his time with his brother had been interrupted.
Itachi would like to train with Sasuke as long as he can.
But tomorrow's mission would not be so easy.
Itachi wanted to cry, too: ......
Turning his face away, he beckons to his brother, who is peering at him with resentful eyes
The brother's clouded face cleared up quickly with joy
Sasuke runs up to him, his happy footsteps echoing through the forest
Forgive me, Sasuke...... another time."
With that, he stuck out his index finger and hit Sasuke in the forehead as he ran toward him.
"Ouch!"
Sasuke, who had been blocked from rushing forward, closed his eyes and let out a small yell.
He looked up at his brother and his mouth was knit in a "hetse" shape.
Whenever Sasuke makes an expression like this, he is always up to something.
"Brother, watch me!"
Sasuke, hands crossed, kunai at the ready, smiles wickedly.
"Oh ------!"
Before Itachi could stop him, Sasuke flew toward the target.
You're not going to get away with this," Itachi said.　Don't be reckless ......!"
Itachi shouted as Sasuke twisted his ankle and plunged head first into the ground.
On the way home
I carried Sasuke, who had injured his leg, on my back as we walked through the village of Kinohagakure toward the village of Uchiha.
Time passes peacefully as I feel my brother's warmth on my back.
Sasuke's presence on my back causes a slight ripple.
Weasel stops and looks over his shoulder at his brother.
What's wrong?"
You're here. ...... where dad works.
This is the headquarters of the Kinoha Police Department.
Itachi looked up at the huge, circular concrete building and answered his brother's question matter-of-factly.
I've always wondered.
Why does the police force have our family crest on its logo?"
"Oh, ......, you're aware of that?
Of course!"
The voice of Sasuke, who answers as if he is tall, naturally makes the corners of his mouth smile.
"Yeah,.......  That is why they put their family crest on the symbol of this organization. The Uchiha family has been taking care of the security of this village for a long time. Our family crest is the proof of our proud family.
Weasel, trying to satisfy his younger brother's desire to know something, speaks while avoiding difficult words as much as possible.
The younger brother listens in silence to his older brother's words.
Our family is small now, but almost all of us still belong to the first division here and contribute to maintaining security in the village," he said.
There are exceptions like Shisui.
In the case of Shisui, I heard that he was requested by the Shinobi of the village who highly valued his excellence.
If he joined the police force, his interactions with shinobi from the outside would be greatly reduced, and he would be completely integrated into the framework of our clan.
Fearing this, the Shinobi of the village begged Shisui to join them and he was assigned to field duty.
However, Itachi dismissed the thought that this was not something that he needed to explain to Sasuke.
Only even better shinobi are capable of cracking down on the crimes committed by shinobi.
And... only even better shinobi can end the conflicts created by shinobi.
Are you going to join us?"
Itachi's brother's innocent question pierces his heart
I'm not going in. ......
The real answer was about to come out the back of his throat
"Come on,...... I don't know,......
I can't tell my brother that I'm going into the dark side for a family that is disgruntled with our village.
Weasel had no choice but to mince words.
"You should!"
his younger brother, who knew nothing about the dark affairs of adults, shouted in a carefree voice.
His sparkling purity made Weasel's chest tighten.
When I grow up, ...... I'm going to join the police force!
The brothers will join the police force and go on duty together.
It's a dream come true.
But those days will never come. ......
Weasel goes to the dark side
Even if I had the chance to join the police force, I would not take it lying down.
I have a dream to end strife in this world.
The police force was too small a vessel to make that dream a reality.
My father will be at the entrance ceremony tomorrow. It's the first step toward my dream.
My brother's dream is to work as a shinobi in the police force alongside his older brother. ......
I was happy, but ......
That dream would never come true.
...... I guess so."
Itachi could only give a vague answer.
As they reached the gate separating Uchiha from the village, a presence suddenly stood beside the wall.
You're late. ...... what are you doing?　I need to talk to you now."
My father, arms folded, looked at Weasel.
"We're going home early."
"Yes, sir."
Weasel nods in reply, and his father begins to walk in front of him.
Weasel, carrying his little brother in his arms, moves his heavy legs to follow his steady steps, heading straight for home.
When did I become so reluctant to face my father?
I know the answer.
But Weasel did not want to admit it.
My father's apartment
Itachi and Sasuke sit side by side, their father's arms crossed in front of them.
I hear it's tomorrow."
Father suddenly cuts in.
Itachi remained silent, feeling his heart beating wildly.
He knew what his father meant.
He was referring to the assassination of Mukai tomorrow.
It was making his heart beat faster.
How much does my father know?
And who told him about the mission?
I have a vague answer to the latter question.
If anyone would ask, it would have to be someone close to Danzo.
Why would Danzo leak information about the mission to my father?
Doubt after doubt stirs the weasel's chest
"Hmph,...... as expected of my boy,...... he has come this far in only six months since his promotion to chuunin."
Itachi remains silent, looking at his father.
Sasuke cast a worried glance at his brother.
Tomorrow's special mission, ...... I've decided to go along too."
My heart was pounding harder than it had been all day.
But my brother's heart was pounding more than anything as he sat next to me.
My father was so preoccupied with the family that he forgot how important tomorrow would be for my brother.
Anger at my father welled up in me.
'If this mission is successful, Weasel ...... your enlistment in the dark will almost be unofficial.'
The father's eyes turn red as he stares at his silent son.
You know what I'm talking about. ......
Only one man was allowed to accompany Mukai on his assassination mission.
He had already informed Danzo that Shisui would be accompanying him.
If he didn't know that, it meant that my father didn't know the details of the mission.
Perhaps he was only informed of the schedule of the mission by someone else.
He hates his village, but he is at the mercy of the information that comes from his village.
I felt so much pity for my father.
A mission that requires a desperate resolve
There was no one but Sisui to go with him.
I would never allow my father to intervene.
"Don't worry so much," he said. It's more than that. ......"
I saw Sasuke.
He would have wanted to cry out loud right now, but his intelligent brother was smiling while stifling his own emotions.
"It's okay, brother. ......
I could hear my brother's voice in my mind.
Weasel smiles, words in his eyes
"Tell me, ...... tomorrow is a big day for you, right?
With a look of power in his eyes, he pushes the little back
Dad ......, tomorrow is my ......."
Tomorrow's mission will be an important one for our clan!"
His brother's courage was shattered by his father's hard-edged words, who only cared about the clan!
And Sasuke's face fell with a frozen expression as he struggled to hold back his tears.
His anger at his father exceeds his limits.
Is the clan that important to you?
Does he not care about his brother?
The only thing you see in his eyes is the future of the family.
He has no regard for his son, who is about to embark on a desperate mission.
And moreover, he has no regard for his brother.
With such narrow-mindedness, how could they ever hope to defeat the village of Kinohagakure?
I hated everything.
"I'm quitting tomorrow's mission after all."
What?　What are you talking about?　You know how important tomorrow is!　What the hell are you talking about?
Tomorrow I will follow Sasuke to his ninja school entrance ceremony.
My father gasped slightly.
For the first time, he remembered his son's plans for tomorrow.
It was also so annoying and ......
It was sad.
It is customary for one's relatives to attend the entrance ceremony of a ninja school. You were also notified, ...... father."
I meant what I said when I said I would abandon my mission.
I lie when I speak from the bottom of my heart.
Father seemed to understand that Weasel meant it.
A slight silence fell over the place, and then he let out a small sigh of exasperation.
I'll go to ...... the ninja school."
The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that the two of you are not the only ones who have been through the same thing.
Itachi and Sasuke followed him out of the room.
In the yard, the deer stalks made a dry sound.
Itachi knew that his father would be sure to attend Sasuke's entrance ceremony if he made it sound like that.
His son's enlistment in the dark club was the first step toward achieving the family's long-cherished dream.
He couldn't let Sasuke's entrance ceremony throw him off.
He couldn't let his father accompany him on his mission, and that was why he was really going to be at Sasuke's entrance ceremony.
I lied about being fed up with everything and about my intention to go to ninja school.
However, I had not given up on accomplishing my mission with Shisui!
Joining the Dark Division was not a stepping stone to achieving the family's long-cherished dream.
It was a small step toward fulfilling Itachi's dream of becoming the most outstanding Shinobi in the world, in order to end all conflicts!
I had no intention of giving in.
He used his brother to do so. ......
I'm disappointed in myself for that.
Sasuke, who seems to feel responsible for creating an atmosphere of acrimony between his brother and father despite his father's decision to attend the entrance ceremony, quietly follows behind Itachi
Looking over his shoulder at his brother, Itachi hides his guilt and opens his mouth
"You should keep your left leg ...... properly cooled."
The smile on his face is not too twitchy?
Yeah,......."
The younger brother replies with a complicated expression on his face.
Itachi couldn't find the words to say to Sasuke.
It's no exaggeration to say that I'm living for him.
In front of Itachi's breathless eyes, Kohinata Mukai exhaled the smoke of his cigarette into the sky.
In the hand that does not hold the cigarette, a silver bottle of sake is in his hand.
More than ten shinobi from the Kirigakure were lying around the three of them, staring at each other.
already out cold.
Itachi and Shisui alone had defeated them all.
"Surrender quietly, Kohinata Mukai. The Fire Shadow-sama is a forgiving man when it comes to those who surrender. He would not kill them."
said Shisui, standing next to Itachi.
His eyes already had the three sharan-eyes of the Sharan-genshi in them.
Mukai smiled sarcastically as he turned his head to avoid looking at them.
The "Shisui of the blink of an eye" is a well-known shinobi.  Or ......."
Mukai suddenly stopped speaking and tilted the silver bottle.
You mean you're still a kid?"
Mukai, with only his right eye wide open, sneers at Shisui.
His condescending attitude caused a wrinkle to appear between Shisui's eyebrows.
You know what I did, don't you? You know what I did, then you know whether or not I can be forgiven for just turning myself in.
He flicks his thumb to remove the ashes.
It's an honor to have two of the brightest geniuses of our time as assassins.
He tossed the cigarette into the portable ashtray he had taken from his pocket.
I put the lid on the silver bottle and tuck it into the pocket of my vest.
"This is not going to end well.
Mukai's chakra increased rapidly.
He had reverted to his shadow form.
At the same time that Mukai's chakra increased, Weasel unleashed his own shadowy alter ego, the one that had been monitoring the Kinoha Hospital.
I wonder if his son is angry now that he knows that the old man he was talking to just now was his shadow alter ego.
Mukai scratched his head and glared at the two men in front of him.
I'm going to have to go home and make an excuse.
The shinobi would sit down deeply and hold both palms up to their chests in a unique juuken stance.
How did a shinobi like you become a spy?
There are a lot of things that happen when you become an old man. And those various things are things you don't understand until you get older. So even if I told you now, you wouldn't understand half of what I'm telling you.
If you die, what will happen to my sick son?
For that reason, I can't die here. Even if I kill you all.
Numerous streaks run around Mukai's left eye.
"White eyes!"
When Weasel shouted, Shisui had already flown backwards and was in close proximity.
I'm not going to go easy on you, so please forgive me.
Mukai's voice rang in Weasel's ear as he stood still.
At once, the distance between them closed.
With tremendous speed, the right and left palm struck Weasel's throat and dove tail at the same time.
The hand blade toward the dove tail was thrust into the belly, and the index and middle fingers were bent inside the body...
"Hmph!"
Mukai's hand knife, exhaling a spirited exhalation, pulls out the weasel's intestines.
Moment ......
The weasel, standing there with its belly torn open, transformed into a multitude of crows and soared into the air.
Mukai, not avoiding the beak that was about to strike him, moved with fluid grace as if nothing had happened.
Shisui sneaks up behind him.
The "Firesphere Fugaku" technique.
Quickly, Shisui sealed his hand, and a ball of fire was released from his mouth, engulfing Mukai.
Mukai faced the fireball with his right palm in front of his face.
A direct hit.
No.
The fireball broke in half in front of Mukai.
It didn't look as if any magic had been performed.
But that didn't mean he had any special chi in his body.
It looked to Weasel as if the fireball itself had cracked in half in front of Mukai's eyes.
To manipulate juken to cut off the chakra of an enemy means to be familiar with its flow. Jutsu is a mass of chakra. If you can read the flow, it is not so difficult to break it.
Mukai, happily lecturing, ran toward Shisui.
Shisui's face clouded over.
Even though Shisui himself has more than human-level body art skills, his opponent is a jujutsu master.
It was not the level of body art.
It was inevitable that his face would cloud over.
Itachi is looking down on all the developments up to this point from afar.
Three hours north of the village of Kinohagakure, in the territory of the Land of Fire
The three are fighting in a small basin surrounded by high mountains.
The rocky mountains, where not a single tree or grass grew, offered plenty of places for a single person to hide.
Weasel lurks in the shade of a rock, watching the battle between the two.
Only the shadowy alter ego was facing Mukai.
Weasel had not left this place from the beginning.
His opponent is a juuken user.
It was too difficult to finish him off in close combat
The match will be decided by a long-range blow.
Sharan-in is a pupil technique.
You put chakra into your own eyes to trap your opponent.
In other words, if your gaze is within range, you can trap your opponent.
Crossing of gazes does not only happen in your conscious mind.
The enemy's gaze is drawn to what he considers to be a casual scene.
As long as the visual axis and the surgeon's visual axis are perfectly aligned, he can create a situation in which their gazes have crossed without their being aware of it.
Weasel was waiting for that moment.
And for that reason, Shisui was struggling to adjust Mukai's stance to Itachi's visual axis while daring to engage in a dangerous close combat.
Once the Sharangen pupil technique was activated, the rest was to be taken care of!
Once he had created a small tear in Mukai's heart, he could use it as a springboard to gradually erode the pupil technique.
The problem was the first blow.
The limitation of Kotsugi is that he is experienced and can sense the flow of chakra visually.
Mukai, being a "white eye" user, knew exactly what a "sharan-gan" was.
The strategy was to break it.
Shisui, who had just barely avoided Mukai's left thrust, turned his body up on its side.
Mukai, taking advantage of the opportunity, closed the gap between the two.
Shisui flipped over and flew backward.
At that moment, Mukai's face turned toward the shade of the rocks where the weasel was hiding.
However, their axes of vision had not yet intersected.
Mukai, who had been looking at Shisui when he landed, suddenly turned his head away.
Mukai had activated his Sharan-in (Eye of Transcendence).
Of course, Shisui's eye-sharing was a diversion.
Mukai's averted face was in the direction of the shadow of the rocks where the weasel was hiding.
The Weasel's gaze, sharpened against the enemy, and Mukai's gaze, unconsciously capturing the landscape, intersected. ......
It had to be.
Just as the two were about to meet, Mukai suddenly kicked the ground and flew away!
A tremendous leap!
When he landed, he kicked another rock and leapt again.
He knew where we were.
In the previous instant, Mukai had noticed the weasel's presence through his ability to see with his white eyes.
Perhaps at that moment, he also realized that he was activating his ability to see.
Perhaps to confirm his own intuition, or perhaps to draw Weasel into the fray.
In any case, Mukai leaps in a straight line to the rock where the weasel is hiding.
The weasel does not miss the sight of Shisui standing behind him, smiling.
Shisui disappears.
The next one to appear was right in front of Mukai!
"Tsk!"
Mukai clucked his tongue and was knocked down by a sheer rock face!
Shisui's kick exploded in his face.
His skull cracked open.
Weasel's eyes saw a crushed log.
"Shadow alter ego!"
Yes. ......
A small shout was heard behind Weasel, Mukai's voice
Ju-ken stance
Bagua two palms.
Left and right palm strikes to the stomach in succession
Bagua four palms.
Four strikes, no time to catch his breath.
Bagua eight palms.
As if to taunt Weasel's thoughts as he gropes for clues to counterattack, Mukai's barrage of blows is relentless!
"Oooooh!"
came a shrill voice from the right side of Mukai's head.
The blind spot of the white eye.
At the edge of the dazed weasel's vision, the figure of Shisui shook as he fired a flying kick
'Shisui ......'
He only had time to mutter as Mukai took a defensive stance
No.
Defensive is too easy a word.
Mukai, who avoided the flying kick by simply tilting his face, grabbed Shisui's neck with his outstretched left hand and lifted him high in the air.
Mukai was supporting the muscular young man's body with only one arm.
Shisui, who was strangled, struggled desperately.
But the five fingers digging into his throat would not peel away.
To overcome this weakness, he had to "train" himself.
The first step in my training was to cover the blind spot of the white eye that appeared on only one side with body art. Don't underestimate the old man too much, kids.
Kohinata Mukai ......
Weasel unconsciously called out the name of the powerful enemy in front of him.
His feet were stepping forward before he even knew it.
What is it?　You want me to kill you?"
It was a situation that could have been taken that way.
What kind of counterattack would Weasel have left now that he had been hit so hard with his soft fist and the flow of chakra in his body had been cut off?
To move forward without a plan is an act that could be considered barbaric.
But the foot does not stop moving forward.
They are walking forward, even though I did not order them to, toward Mukai.
"Then I'll make it easy for you, as you wish."
"Ugh!"
Mukai's grip on Shisui's neck tightens.
He's going to crush her larynx.
"Stop!
Weasel's eyes lit up as he shouted.
How am I supposed to understand such a blatant magic trick?
Mukai turned his head away from Weasel.
In front of him was the face of his ...... best friend.
"Kaleidoscope Eye ......"
Shisui whispered.
His friend's eyes, which had turned red, looked different from any Sharan Gan Weasel had ever seen.
A sharan-gan has a small black spot in the center of the pupil, and in the outer circle of the eye, a gradient-shaped spot floats in the state of a bosom.
Although the power of the sharan-gan could vary depending on the number of the tsudama, the shape itself was common to all the families.
The Shisui, however, were different.
The three bead-shaped motifs are huge and interlinked, and the small black spot in the center of the pupil has disappeared to form a red cavity.
If the ratio of red to black in a normal pair of iridescent eyes is about 8 to 2, the current Shisui's pupil is 5 to 5, showing the appearance of an antagonism.
The time when Shisui's gaze and Mukai's gaze intersected was probably less than one thousandth of a second.
It was a split-second that could barely be caught by the ordinary pair of eyes.
Sisui would not miss that split second.
Without a doubt, Mukai must have fallen for the illusion. ......
Mukai!
Shisui, who had been released from his restraints, cried out in a daze.
In front of his eyes, Mukai collapsed, blood spraying from his stomach.
Weasel stood there and watched.
He slashed his own belly.
Mukai's body went slightly rigid as Shisui activated his supernatural eye, then he pulled out a kunai from his pocket and suddenly slit his own belly open with a single slash!
"Pull yourself together, Mukai!
Shisui shouted as he crouched down and held Mukai's head.
'It's a spy from the other village ....... He's been trained to take his own life if his brain is interfered with. He won't survive.
Mukai coughed and blood gushed from his mouth.
"Oh, I've never seen anyone set up for pupil surgery in that amount of time. ...... What the hell is that?
Shisui doesn't answer.
"So it's our secret technique,......."
The two of them were in the same room, and the two of them were talking to each other.
"Is there anything you want to tell me?"
I'm not sure what I'm supposed to do, but I'm going to do it,....... I'm not going to say that I'm the only one who's made this decision ....... My wife and kids had nothing to do with it. ......
You mean you're the only one guilty of betrayal?
That's a nice way of putting it. ......
Shaking hands are searching for something in his pocket.
The weasel pushed Mukai's fingers away and retrieved the desired item.
He plucks a cigarette from the box and puts it in Mukai's mouth.
"Hi, light ......"
Now Shisui takes a lighter from his pocket and lights the tip of the cigarette.
Mukai took the cigarette in his mouth, inhaled deeply, and let the smoke escape, savoring it as it poured into the bottom of his lungs.
This is how a shinobi dies. ...... I'll be waiting for you over there first. ......
Mukai's palm, still clutching the cigarette between his fingers, snapped back, and he fell motionless.
"It's over."
Shisui said, his voice trembling with exhaustion.
Weasel nodded silently in reply.
About that Sharan Gan you were talking about earlier, ......
Can you please not tell the others in the village?"
Shisui muttered, staring at Mukai's face.
Ah."
"Kaleidoscope Sharanjana (......)"
Shisui's eyes once again reflected the altered pattern of the Sharanshikyo Sharanshikyo as he said
When the time comes, I will tell you everything.
Itachi felt an irresistible attraction to the unknown power that his friend had hidden in his body.
"Rohan Ka ......"
Weasel stood erect and stared at Danzo, who muttered to himself as he looked down at the documents.
This was Danzo's room in the mansion given to Root.
Sitting at an ebony desk, he leaned his left elbow on the armrest and held a document in his right hand, not looking at Weasel at all.
The captain is Hatake Kakashi, right?
Yes.
Weasel answered succinctly.
The man standing next to Danzo has been on my mind since a while ago.
He is the root wearing the mask of a white tiger.
I don't have a clear reason as to what it is.
I'm just curious about the man.
The eyes behind the round hole in the white mask have been watching the weasel like a jealous eye for some time now.
That sly look somehow made my heart flutter.
The man is brilliant.
Danzo assured him.
Hatake Kakashi ......
When Itachi was still a young shinobi, he saved my life once.
On a mission to protect a feudal lord in the Land of Fire, he was attacked by an unknown man who killed Tenma, a member of the same squad.
Itachi, who had not yet opened his eyes to the world, was prepared to die from the overwhelming difference in power.
But the man suddenly muttered Kakashi's name and disappeared.
Even now, I do not know exactly why the man disappeared.
But it is true that the man disappeared while muttering the name of the scarecrow.
Was it because he was afraid of his power, or was there some other reason? There is no way to confirm this now.
He has a darkness about him. It is the most important element for the dark side.
Darkness......
Do you have it?
Weasel asks himself.
Don't worry. You have enough darkness in you."
Danzo said, as if he could see right through him.
Weasel, who has already had contact with him many times, is not so surprised.
If you are skilled at gaining insight into the state of mind of your opponent, it is possible to make some guesses and anticipate their thoughts before they give their answers.
Danzo is just using that skill.
I have prepared a transfer gift for you."
Danzo then releases the materials onto his desk and stands up.
He tucks his ebony chair under a homogeneous desk and stands next to the tiger-face and looks at Weasel
Then he puts his hand on the man's shoulder and smiles in an unusually cheerful way
I'm going to loan this man out to the ro squad."
Danzo Root was also a part of the dark division, but it was completely separated from the dark division under the direct control of the third Hokage in terms of chain of command and leadership.
Therefore, Weasel is told that there is no frequent exchange of information or personnel between the two within the dark division.
Don't worry, I have Hilsen's permission, of course."
Danzo spoke again, as if he could see right through him.
Weasel did not like this haughty tone, no matter how many times he heard it.
Hajimememashite. Sugarto shimasu.
Suddenly, the tiger's mask spoke.
It was hard to understand his voice, as if he had something stuck in his throat.
Sugaru had a serious throat disease when he was a child, and since then he hasn't been able to speak well.
He has difficulty with tasks that require him to speak, but he will do anything to help.
There was something wrong with his voice, but his tone was light.
He seemed to have a friendly disposition.
You can use this man as your limb.
A paw?
"Hi."
When the weasel asked Danzo about this, Sugaru answered.
I am a root. Danzo-sama's orders are absolute. I am prepared to give my life for your sake even if I am younger than you are.
Sugaru says sarcastically and openly.
Weasel looks at Danzo without even smiling.
I can make it in the dark world on my own.
Don't take it too seriously. The actuality is that Sugaru was lent to the Roh squad by Root. The relationship between you and him is something that even the captain, Kakashi, doesn't know about. If you are not conscious of Sugaru, that's fine. But Sugaru always protects your safety.
"Personal safety?　Are you saying that someone is after me?
I'm the first one in the dark, and I'm only eleven years old. I'm only eleven years old and ours is the first dark division. That's enough to make people jealous.
It is true that when we met with the Roku group, we were baptized with kunais by our peers on the way to the training grounds where we were to meet.
Although they did not hit us directly, they rained kunais from the sky without limit.
It was as if they were silently pressuring us to block the way to the training area.
The weasels did not avoid or defend themselves, but simply walked through.
Kakashi, noticing the behavior of his companions, admonished them, but none of them were truly sorry.
I buy you," he said. I don't want you to die prematurely because of the jealousy of your friends.
Whoever attacks you, ......
Don't underestimate the shinobi of the dark side."
Danzo cut off Itachi's words.
The closer you get to the heart of the village, the more people who do not take kindly to Uchiha. The closer you get to the heart of the village, the more people who don't like you will be there. It wouldn't be surprising if some of them wanted to kill you by making it look like you died in the line of duty. What will our family think if you die?"
No way. ......
I'm saying that there could be that "no way."
Danzo nodded broadly, as if to affirm Weasel's thoughts.
Weasel dies in the line of duty.
The fathers suspect a plot by the villagers.
Weasel's death would be a perfect catalyst for those dissatisfied with the family's position.
Weasel felt a chill run down his spine at the thought that his death might trigger a coup d'etat.
You have already become a position of great responsibility, both to your village and to our clan.
He turned from Sugaru and walked around the desk to stand in front of Weasel, who gently touched him on the shoulder.
You must be the bridge between the village and the clan, so live long, Weasel.
Danzo said the same thing as my father.
Kinohagakure no Sato and Uchiha clan: ......
Are they parallel entities?
There must be an Uchiha clan among those who live in Kinohagakure no Sato.
If so, isn't it unnatural for the two to be in a relative relationship in the first place?　Why doesn't the Kinoha clan have complete control over the Uchiha clan?
Why are our people so dissatisfied with our village, even though they are granted autonomy?
The link between the two.
The pipe, according to my father.
A bridge, according to Danzo.
Both are the same.
I will protect your life. You can rest assured that you will do your duty as a member of the Dark Side. We are Weasel."
Weasel gives a small bow to Danzo, who looks satisfied with his words.
Weasel gives a small bow and quickly leaves the room.
It's been a while. ......
Izumi said with a downcast look on her face.
Weasel is in a small park in the family's village.
It was the evening after we had successfully completed our incorporation into the dark club and reported to Danzo.
As I stood at the entrance to the village, I unexpectedly met Izumi, who was returning from a mission.
Neither of us invited her to join us, but the two of us naturally walked to the park.
Izumi was alone on a swing, and Weasel was sitting on a bench behind her.
"I'm sorry about that time."
"That time?"
Itachi asks back.
Izumi looked over her shoulder as she continued to swing on the swing.
"You know, at the tea shop in the village. ......
I remember now.
Izumi was apologizing for storming out of the store in anger.
Come to think of it, it was the first time they had talked alone since then.
So much had happened since then that Weasel didn't have time to think about Izumi.
That's why I had completely forgotten about the incident at the teahouse until now.
Even if he apologized now, Itachi had not been angry at all at that point, so it was not even a question of forgiveness.
I'm the one who should be sorry.
Why are you apologizing, Weasel?
I didn't think Izumi would be that bothered.
Hmmm... ......
Izumi turned his head and started to pedal on the swing.
"What?"
I thought it was very Weasel-like of you.
Izumi said in a cheerful tone, as if he was in a better mood.
Weasel couldn't keep up with the sudden change in his mood.
Weasel, feeling that he was still in a bad mood, tried to change the subject.
How's the mission going?
"Nothing compared to you, Weasel."
Izumi then kicked the swing and flew into the air.
He spun forward and landed cleanly.
Izumi looked back at me with her thin arms outstretched to her sides.
I'm being used for something useful, like taking care of the wife of a feudal lord's pet or helping her move to a new place in the government office in the Fire Nation.
I see. ......"
The weasel's mouth naturally curled into a smile.
He was relieved to hear that Izumi had not experienced any dangerous missions.
He deliberately avoided looking at the answer to the question of why he was relieved.
Itachi considers himself to be only half a shinobi.
Therefore, he had no time to think seriously about Izumi.
"I want to walk the same path as the person I love. ...... Is it wrong to think so?
I think I know how Izumi feels when she says that and leaves.
But I can't respond.
"Hey, Mr. Weasel."
What is it?"
"If ....... What if... What do you think you'd be if you hadn't become a Shinobi?
I haven't thought about it.
Itachi was born to shinobi parents.
And he had no doubts about becoming a Shinobi himself.
He also believed that only a Shinobi could possess the power necessary to fulfill his dream of eliminating strife in this world.
That is why he could not think of any other path other than that of a Shinobi.
I see. ......"
Izumi sighed sadly.
"I heard you joined the Shinobi Club."
You heard?"
"There's not a soul in the village who doesn't know."
The Dark Division is a highly secretive department.
The Shinobi who belonged to it were required by the village to keep their identities as secret as possible.
Itachi's appointment to the dark division has already spread throughout the village: ......
It sounds good to say that the clan is united, but is it really safe with so much information leaking out?　What if the people of the village hear us talking about a coup d'etat?
"Hey, Mr. Weasel."
Izumi's voice brings him back to reality.
I'm scared.
What?
I feel like Weasel-kun is getting further and further away from me. ......
Suddenly, I felt a jolt in my chest.
Izumi's head is under my neck.
"Izumi, Izumi. ......"
I'm sorry, Weasel. But let me stay like this a little longer."
Weasel, helpless, waited for Izumi to calm down.
'Wow, we're only eleven years old,....... And yet, Weasel-kun is already ....... Hey, where are you going, Weasel?"
He's not going anywhere.
Maybe ......
Weasel swallowed the last word.
'A little anticlimactic, don't you think?'
said the fox-faced man to Weasel as he stood by the simple door. 
He stands opposite Weasel, across from the door.
Weasel remains silent, and the man repeats the cool words
The man repeats coolly to Itachi, who remains silent: "Being in the dark side doesn't always mean dangerous missions. Protecting the fire shadow is also an honorable duty.
I understand.
Weasel answered without hesitation.
His face, like the man's, was covered with a fox's mask.
While the man's mask had slanted eyes, Weasel's eyes had rounded holes where they should be.
The name of the man with the slanted eyes is Hatake Kakashi.
He is the commander of the dark squad and Itachi's direct superior.
He is only around 20 years old, but has been a member of the elite Dark Division of the village for eight years.
He is competent and highly trusted by the firelight.
Weasel has known this man for a long time.
That time when Tenma died: ......
It was this Kakashi who came to save him.
If the scarecrow had appeared earlier, Tenma might not have died.
Shinobi only care about reality and results.
The fact that Tenma died is an irreversible fact. It's too late for that now.
Itachi had no intention of thinking of "what if" scenarios and harboring grudges.
Have you learned the basic tactics of the dark side?
Scarecrow asked a safe question.
He is a good boss who is considerate of his new young subordinate.
"Killer of your own people.
It was a phrase always uttered by those who spoke ill of the scarecrow.
Itachi has heard it several times since he joined the dark side.
But they were all from those who were older than the scarecrow, and were under his command.
They are nothing but slander based on envy and jealousy.
"Captain Kakashi will kill his own men to accomplish his mission. ......
The faces of those who call him names like that are always ugly.
Even now, he is trying his best to find a way to talk to Itachi, who has only been in the dark part for a short time.
"I have it all in my head," he says.
"As expected."
Weasel, who had read books on shinobi platoon operations, was very interested in the unique tactical systems of the dark side.
Formancelles, three-man cells, two-man cells.
And even how to deal with a single shinobi.
The system covers practical tactics for every situation a shinobi might encounter on a mission, always looking for the possibility of accomplishing the mission from an offensive position.
Everything from diversion and distraction to defensive formations and coordination, all focused on defeating the enemy and accomplishing the mission.
Driven by his intellectual curiosity, Weasel read through a thick book of tactics specialized in the dark side in one night.
"You're one of the most gifted students in the ninja school, aren't you?
What are you talking about, the youngest graduate?
When I graduated, we were in the middle of the Great War, and we needed Shinobi at all costs, so things were different now.
If you put it that way, the system of ninja schools was different when Weasel graduated than it is today.
When Weasel graduated, there were still remnants of the Great War.
Therefore, as long as one's ability was recognized, one could skip a grade and graduate early.
However, now that peace has been restored, it is no longer possible to graduate in a short period of time as in the past, due to the will of the Hokage that shinobi must be carefully nurtured over a long period of time.
As a result, no matter how talented Sasuke is, he cannot become a Shinobi until he is eleven years old.
'It's just in your head. You can't say you've learned it unless you actually try the moves with your fellow shinobi.
You'll be fine."
Kakashi said as if he had seen it all before.
There was no sense of over-expectation, or irresponsibility due to carelessness or pride in his tone.
It was a very natural tone.
That's why it was strangely persuasive.
I hope you will be proud of the dark place.
Thank you."
A boss you can trust: ......
There was something about this Scarecrow that made me think so.
No matter how many times I come here, I still don't like this place. ......
Weasel breathed in deeply through his nose in the heat of the shrine.
The people around him were his clan's brethren.
It was a regular meeting
Izumi, who had become a shinobi, was also there.
Itachi, the younger of the two, was in the lower section.
Izumi, who was the same age as Itachi, sat in the same row, separated from him by a few others.
He was probably pressured by the heat, but he remained motionless with his face down.
I wanted to call out to him, but despite the heat, there was a silent pressure in the quiet shrine hall that would not allow any rash action.
Let's get started."
My father, who was seated in the front row, stood up and turned his body toward everyone.
Everyone held their breath, waiting for him to speak.
The scene was like that of a religious leader and his followers.
A leader who bears the grudge of his family ......
This was the dark face of Weasel's father, Fugaku.
It has been officially decided that my son, Weasel, will join the Dark Side. He has already begun to fulfill his duties as a member of the Dark Side."
Silent cheers echoed through the shrine hall.
Our family now has a connection to the heart of the village. From now on, we will not only receive from the village, but we will also seek them out.
It is not my father who will do it.
Weasel.
The father called his son's name.
Weasel stood up without making a sound and waited for his father to speak.
"Have you noticed anything since you joined the Dark Agents?"
The question was so vague that it puzzled Weasel.
The people in the village are prejudiced against the family and do not take kindly to it.
I think that's the answer his father wants him to give.
In fact, some of his dark friends do not welcome him into their ranks, and some even harass him out of spite.
However, it could not be said that this was done solely because he was a member of our family.
The eleven-year-old Weasel's youth is one of the factors that irritates them.
It is true that the people of the village are wary of our clan and do not take kindly to them.
Yes!"
Weasel spoke in response to his father's request, and a voice of agreement arose from the audience.
But ......"
Weasel continued, a weight in his voice, as if to stifle any thoughtless comment.
I don't feel an active aversion to persecute the clan. I think their feelings are just the kind of envy and jealousy that we all have."
My father's right eyebrow twitched and lifted as he crossed his arms and listened.
You say that jealousy and envy can come together to form a great swell of emotion.
As if in agreement with my father's words, my compatriots began to make a commotion.
Weasel spits out the words with all the strength in the pit of his stomach, as if he is trying to wade through a crowd of voices.
When you keep making backward predictions like that, anything can be reduced to a negative phenomenon!
As if standing in front of his father, who remained silent and stared at his son, a man stood up.
Father's confidant, Yashiro.
Hey, Weasel!
Yashiro called out, his narrow eyes full of murderous intent.
Weasel remained silent, his eyes fixed on his father's heart.
You are very much on the side of the village, aren't you? Whose side are you on, the village's or the clan's?　I hope you haven't been so self-absorbed that your judgment has been clouded by your enlistment in the dark side.
You shouldn't frame things in words. ......
What?
Enemy ....... You should not frame things in words. ...... When you distinguish things with the tool of words, you lose sight of your true feelings.
You have to step into places you don't need to step into.
I don't have time for incomprehensible questions and answers. Which side are you on?　Ours is Weasel!
Yashiro's angry shouts quieted the hall.
'Of course it's obvious. ......
Weasel continued, glaring at his father's gut.
I am a member of my family.
Can I have a word?"
On the way home after the meeting, Weasel was walking away from his father when Shisui stopped him.
The father looked back at his son, who had stopped, and noticed his son's best friend.
"What's up, Shisui?"
I just wanted to talk to your son for a minute. ......
Fugaku looked at Shisui and Weasel alternately.
"Don't stay up too late," was all Fugaku said.
The first thing he said was, "Don't stay up too late," and he started walking alone in the night.
Shisui ......
Once they were alone, Weasel called his friend's name.
I understand how you feel."
His brow wrinkled as he said this, and his best friend seemed to regret it from the bottom of his heart.
Yashiro is the leading proponent of the coup. To him, everyone in the village is an enemy.
The words that had just been hurled at me still rang in the back of my ears.
Weasel's face fell as if he were turning away from the image of Yashiro in his mind.
Just as you've joined the dark side, I've started to make my move.
What do you mean?
"I have directly approached the Shadow Master and obtained his authority to investigate the inner workings of the clan on my own."
What on earth does he mean by investigating the family's internal affairs?
Itachi was puzzled by the words, which he did not immediately understand, but Shisui seemed to realize this and opened his mouth.
I left my normal duties so that the clan would not become even more disturbed. The clan's dissatisfaction would explode. In order to prevent this from happening, I was given the assurance that I could take action at my own discretion and that I belonged to the dark side. However, this is only in name, and I am treated as a direct subordinate of the Fire Shadow. That is why your father and the others do not know that I am in the Dark Division, and few people inside the organization know about it.
"You don't mean to tell the Shadow-sama ......?"
Don't worry, I didn't mention the coup d'etat.
It was obvious that if the village found out about the family's plot, they would no longer be able to keep each other in check as they were now.
Itachi, you will continue to fight to stop the outburst of the clan from the inside of the organization known as the "dark club," while I will continue to fight from my position as a shinobi under the direct control of the Hokage-sama.
I will not forget my promise to you, no matter what."
Shisui held out his fist.
Itachi thrust out his fist as well.
We must stop this coup at all costs."
Weasel nodded his head in agreement.
Weasel nodded in agreement.
A scene I didn't want to believe was unfolding before my eyes.
In a windowless room in the basement of a building given to the dark side, monitors were set up in a row.
What Weasel saw on these monitors was a scene that was familiar to him
The Nine Tails Incident: ....... The upper management of the village suspected the involvement of the Uchiha clan.
Weasel listened to Kakashi standing next to him as he watched the monitor.
The upper management, not satisfied with simply isolating the clan's village on the edge of the village, began a complete 24-hour surveillance of the village by the dark side.
"And this is the room?"
Yes.
The dark people are operating the screens by means of numerous buttons and levers in front of the monitors.
Despite the fact that they were wearing masks and their faces were obscured, I could still make out their slack-jawed expressions.
They are so relaxed that it's not surprising.
No wonder.
For them, it was a monotonous task, just staring at the monitor.
They didn't even care how serious it was for our family.
Were we being watched?
You don't have to check every time you go to ...... to find out.
I know. We will never inform the family.
There was no way he could say that.
The fact that every corner of the village is being watched 24 hours a day, seven days a week, will make the fathers' anger even more intense.
It would only give them something to use against us, when they're already screaming about a coup d'état.
Weasel was sent by my father to the dark side as a spy to investigate the inner workings of the village.
If he is to fulfill this role faithfully, he should inform the family of this fact immediately.
By refusing to tell, Weasel has also renounced his role as a spy for the family.
"You are to stay here for the rest of the day and keep watch.
"You mean you want me to keep an eye on your clan mates?"
The ape-faced man, who had been sitting in front of the monitor silently listening to the exchange between the scarecrow and the weasel, stood up abruptly.
I don't care if they are my friends or not, a mission is a mission. Your family brought in the nine tails. That's why we're being watched. Accept reality, newcomer."
Kou."
Kakashi called out the monkey-faced man's name as if to correct him.
Then another colleague, sitting next to Kou, spun around in his chair and turned his head to face Kakashi.
It was the face of a round-faced cat.
He had his sister killed by the Nine Tails. That's why we don't have a good impression of his family.
Don't let your personal feelings get in the way of the mission," Kakashi said.
Kakashi said, and Kou approached him, looking down.
I know, I know. I'm sorry.
He bows and walks past Kakashi.
"I'll leave you to it then, newcomer," Kou grumbled.
Kou grumbled and followed by a round-faced cat face.
"Oh, here they come."
Kakashi said as he looked towards the door they had disappeared through.
Please be with him."
Standing in front of the door was Sugaru, the shinobi who had been with Danzo.
It had been more than four hours since Kakashi had left.
Sugaru had not spoken a word.
Itachi, who was never good at casual conversation, was not bothered by the silence.
The only thing that passed was the time we spent together staring at the monitor.
It was only by chance that I found it.
Weasel's blood is not frozen in his veins, and he is not so calm that he can monitor the lives of his compatriots, even though he is on a mission.
He switches frequently between the images from the surveillance cameras, trying not to stay in one place as much as possible, and keeps changing the screen in front of his eyes.
By watching a sequence of moments, he managed to maintain his composure.
Weasel, who is trained to memorize a scene with just one glance, is proud that this act alone is enough to fulfill his duties.
Weasel stopped his hand, feeling a slight sense of discomfort at one of these fleeting fragments.
Composition of the view of Minamigano Shrine from the torii
A stone-paved pathway stretches straight from the stone torii gate to the shrine pavilion.
The space right in the middle of the torii and the shrine building looked to Itachi as if it were slightly distorted.
It was only a brief moment.
The scenery on the monitor was already quiet.
It was a slight distortion of the screen that Sugaru probably did not notice.
If anyone else had seen it, they would have thought it was just the camera shaking in the wind.
However, Weasel recognized the disturbance in the landscape.
The scenery in the center of the cobblestone pavement was spiraling around a single point.
It was as if the surrounding space was being sucked in toward that one point.
The Masked Man: ......
The phenomenon that occurred behind the monitor was exactly the same as the technique used by the man who attacked Weasel and his men during their escape from the Fire Nation lords' guard mission.
Why is that man ......?"
Weasel muttered carelessly, then regretted noticing Sugaru's presence.
Sugaru was staring at the monitor in front of him.
Regretting his own inexperience, Weasel dove into the sea of thoughts once again.
At the time of Tenma's death, Weasel clearly saw the man's eyes shining behind the mask.
A dark spot in the center of the crimson pupil, and three gradients in concentric circles around it.
Indeed, the man's right eye had a translucent pupil.
That means he belongs to our family.
More than three years have passed since the incident.
Even now, sometimes the sight of Tenma's death comes back to my mind.
Tenma, who died with a full face of fear, as if he didn't know what had happened to him.
At that moment, Weasel was shocked at the overwhelming difference in power between the masked man and himself.
Disappointed by his own powerlessness, he opened his eyes to the world.
In other words, the masked man was the man who awakened Itachi as a true Uchiha Shinobi.
Avenger of a colleague or benefactor?
I felt a strange connection with the masked man.
For the past three years, Itachi has dreamed of the man's true identity many times.
He had always thought it was a family member, but today he was convinced.
The blurring of the images is due to the masked man.
And it was at the Nangano Shrine that he appeared.
And on the day that Tenma died, the sharan-gano that shone behind the mask.
Everything points to our clan.
Then who in the world is he?
Three years have passed since then, and Weasel has come into contact with all the men of the clan who live in the village.
No one in the clan possesses ninjutsu to manipulate space like that man.
No one possessed the same voice or presence as that man.
And above all, Weasel himself had a hunch that the man was not from the village.
Who, then?
The Uchiha clan has lived in the village since the founding of Kinoha.
We have never heard of anyone outside of the Uchiha clan possessing the Sharanin-yoku.
There are a few exceptions, such as Hatakekakashi, but they are all within Kinoha.
If a valuable bloodline, such as the Sharanigan or Shiranigan, were to leak out of the village, it would be a national crisis.
There is no reason why it should not be recorded in the village records.
So far, there have been no reports of Sharan-in's leaking out to other villages.
This naturally narrowed down our options.
The first option was the possibility that the Uchiha family, which was thought to have died in the war, was still alive and had become the masked man.
During the war, it was a rule that if a member of the Uchiha clan died in battle, the Sharan Gan was always brought back by another Shinobi.
Therefore, there is no possibility that it was taken from the corpse.
If this is the case, it would be more appropriate to assume that the person who was thought to be dead was still alive and had entered the village with the sharan-gan.
The second option is the possibility that the masked man is the one who left the clan before.
This is less likely than the first option.
This is because there has only been one shinobi who has left the clan and left the village since the establishment of the Kinoha clan.
Ours is Madara ......
He is the man who founded the village of Kinohagakure along with the Chite clan's Hashirama.
He left the village and died fighting Hashirama in what is now called the "Valley of the Apocalypse".
It is impossible for a dead man to be alive.
The second option should have been discarded at that point.
But Weasel could not forget this second option.
The overwhelming chakra and presence of the masked man that Itachi had actually felt on his skin at that time was stronger than any shinobi he had ever encountered.
If such a shinobi had died during the Great War, it would have been recorded in history.
However, nowhere in the accounts of the Great War is there any mention of the death of such a talented Uchiha Shinobi.
Then ......
Itachi was more convinced that Madara was still alive.
...... Tachi."
In the distance, he heard someone's voice.
Weasel."
Sugaru's hard voice brought Weasel back to reality.
It's time for a change of shifts.
"Oh, ......."
Weasel replies vaguely.
Lost in thought, his fingertips continue to press buttons.
The monitor, which he was looking at but not looking at at all, was changing the view...
Are you okay?
What are you talking about?
I answered Sugaru's question with a question.
I am at ....... No, there's nothing wrong.
Sugar did not speak any more.
Two months had passed since he entered the Dark Division.
But the days were still as monotonous as ever.
His main duties include guarding the office of the fire shadow and training with his fellow members, and he has yet to be assigned to a mission that would put his life in danger.
"If there are assassinations and important missions so often, the village can't be called peaceful, can it? The fact that we are free like this proves that we are at peace.
Kakashi smiles wryly when he says this.
The village is peaceful. ......
Why, then, Weasel wonders.
Why is my heart in such turmoil, when the village is at peace?
Why do I feel so rushed?
It's the clan's fault.
Behind the peace of the village, our people want to be disturbed.
That was the source of the disturbance in the weasel's heart
We must prevent the coup at all costs.
But we couldn't find a concrete way to do so.
Even if they said they would work together with Sisui, even if they stood side by side with their hands outstretched, the clan's impulses could not be suppressed.
The inability to find a way out of this situation made the weasel impatient.
"Gahahahaha!
A loud, tearing voice pierced Weasel's ears on his way back from a mission.
Weasel stopped in his tracks and saw a small park in front of his eyes.
It was already late in the evening.
The sun had long since set in the west, and the area was beginning to be shrouded in darkness.
The boy who must have uttered the laugh earlier was standing on a swing.
He was staring at three figures running away from him.
They were probably his friends.
You guys are no match for this Uzumaki Naruto!
the boy on the swing shouted.
The figures didn't even look at him as they left, talking to each other.
The boy, who called himself Naruto, sat down on the swing looking forlorn as he stared at the three figures, who seemed to be getting along well with each other.
His words were a bit of an exaggeration.
Itachi knew it from the moment the boy said his name.
The name Uzumaki Naruto is well known throughout the village.
The boy in front of him was involved in the Nine-Tailed Tail Incident that terrorized the people of the village.
A child with nine tails in his body
When he walks down the street, everyone keeps their voices down
There was only one person who did not know that he carried the Nine-Tails in his body
Naruto himself.
The evil of the village is sealed in his body without his knowledge, and he lives in fear of the people.
Naruto cannot understand why he is mistreated by the people.
His parents are already gone.
He has no one to give him free love.
Itachi somehow found his way to the park.
He walks quietly toward the swinging swings.
He sat down next to Naruto, who was slumped over.
"Noooooo!"
Naruto was so startled by the sudden appearance of the Itachi that he almost fell off the swing.
He manages to stay on the swing, flailing his arms and legs more than necessary, and gives the Itachi a skeptical look.
Don't startle him.
I'm sorry.
I mean, who are you?"
Naruto rolls his eyes at him.
Itachi swings on the swing and looks straight ahead.
Who the hell do you think I am?
My mom says I shouldn't talk to strangers. ......
You're not here."
Itachi said.
Naruto smiled shyly and put his right hand behind his head.
"You know him after all?"
Naruto Uzumaki is a famous prankster.
I'm that famous?
In a way.
"Heh heh heh. ......"
Naruto, not understanding the weasel's sarcasm, is smiling happily.
"Your friends are running away."
If they can't understand my pranks, they're not my friends.
Naruto's voice was unusually cheerful.
He was trying his best to act cheerful so that no one would know how lonely he was.
Everyone knows who Naruto is.
The Nine-Tailed Tail Incident still left a deep scar on the village.
The family is still unable to escape the effects of the incident, even though they are suspected of controlling the nine tails.
Weasel himself has been slandered many times by this incident, which he does not remember.
There is probably not a single person in this village who would have any serious contact with a boy who carries the source of this incident in his body.
In a sense, Naruto is the biggest victim of the Nine Tails Incident.
Itachi does not know how the nine tails were sealed in Naruto's body.
But I don't think he had the right nerve to seal a lump of bad luck in a young baby.
Did he not think of the persecution he would be subjected to if he did so?
The details of the Nine Tails Incident are a matter of the village's utmost secrecy.
The truth is hidden in the darkness, and only Naruto remains.
Naruto is part of the village's darkness.
This village was founded on the sacrifice of beings like Naruto.
The people at the top of the village have been cleverly running the village by containing the evil in Naruto and persecuting the Uchiha clan in order to divert the people's frustration elsewhere.
By intentionally creating darkness, they hide their own darkness. ......
And now, Weasel is part of such darkness in the village
The darkness is the true darkness of the village.
Brother!
Hmm?
Naruto rolled his eyes next to me.
He was suddenly quiet, "Are you alright?"
I'm fine.
I'm glad you're okay."
Naruto was looking up at me with concern.
It's time to go home, isn't it?
I don't see anyone back at home. ......
Naruto's mouth curved into a grimace as he tried to look strong.
"Well, I'm going home."
I'm going home.
Naruto was surprised to see Itachi standing up.
I'm going to go home.
Itachi thought he had said something that would not make him feel better.
But Naruto was so happy that he rubbed his nose with his finger and laughed.
Then he jumped down from the swing and stood up straight, pointing his index finger at Itachi.
My name is Naruto Uzumaki!　I'm the guy who's going to be the Hokage someday!
"Oh, so you're a Hokage. ......
Itachi's chest is lit on fire.
Despite the darkness of his village, this boy has not given up on his destiny.
He does not hate his village, he does not hate anyone, and with straight eyes, he believes in his dream.
I hope I can become one.
I'll make it happen, I promise. Until then, remember me, brother.
Itachi turns his back to Naruto and begins to walk away.
The sky was full of stars.
Danzo called me over.
I sit down on a chair with a Buddha's face
Next to the "root" owner is Sugaru, who is supposed to be a member of the Roku group.
"How's the dark side?"
I don't know yet.
I don't know yet. I am sure you will have many more experiences in the future that you can only have in the dark club. Until then, keep your skills sharp.
Danzo spoke as if he was the boss.
But Weasel is a dark section directly under the fire shadow and has nothing to do with Root.
In terms of professional relationship, Danzo and Itachi had nothing to do with each other.
"I called you here today because of one thing."
Danzo nodded his head in silence.
I hear that our clan's community has been very strict with outsiders lately.
It is true that in recent months, the village has developed an exclusive atmosphere.
It was as if the tribe itself had taken on a will of its own when my father uttered the word "coup d'etat.
You attend the regular meetings, too, don't you?"
Danzo asked me bluntly.
Our clan is monitored 24 hours a day by the dark side.
It was only natural that Danzo should be aware of our meetings.
Yes, sir.
Weasel, realizing that there was no point in trying to hide anything from Danzo, answered truthfully.
Danzo nodded broadly, looking satisfied.
Let me be frank. I want you to inform me of the content of the meeting.
Weasel's voice was full of pressure.
If things continue as they are, our family will be doomed. I need your help to stop it.
Are you asking me to betray my family?
I am not betraying you. Save them.
Danzo rested his elbows on the desk and rested his chin on his folded palms.
His left eye, like a deep, dark cavern, shot the weasel.
Betrayal is an act of disadvantage to the betrayed. The act of informing the contents of the meeting prevents the outburst of the clan, and as a result, benefits the clan. Therefore, I would not call it betrayal."
Clever rhetoric.
You may have thought you were dazzling us with your logic, but the weasel was not fooled.
No matter the consequences for the clan, if they told Danzo about the meeting, it would be nothing short of betrayal.
Danzo is mistaken.
Weasel is not hung up on the word "betrayal.
I understand.
I knew you, who hates conflict more than anyone else, would say so."
The owner of the root answered in a voice that showed no emotion.
Unfortunately, Danzo was right.
Weasel has yet to find a concrete measure to prevent the coup from happening.
Danzo's offer was irresistible.
Shisui would be able to gain the cooperation of the third Hokage.
And Weasel's decision could be the catalyst to harness Danzo's power.
Connecting with the heart of the village will surely prevent the outburst of the clan.
I don't want to do anything that will diminish the dignity of the clan. I leave it to you to choose what information to bring to me.
Thank you, sir.
"I'm counting on you, Weasel. The fate of the clan rests in your hands.
Danzo's voice was a weight on my shoulders.
Weasel's resolve was not so naive that he could not bear the weight of it.
He took a deep breath into the pit of his stomach, as if aware of the weight of his own responsibility.
Somehow, he smelled blood. ......
I knew this was going to happen. ......
Kakashi muttered next to the gasping weasel.
By then, the captain, his black mask covering the lower half of his face, was already gone.
He leapt off the cliff after him.
The bodies of his comrades lay in the hollow he was aiming for.
The enemy he had killed was a shinobi from a small country, the Land of Frost.
It happened just as they were about to form an alliance.
We were on a mission to exchange a letter specifying the final terms of the alliance, which was to be concluded in ten days, when suddenly the Shinobi of the Frost Nation poked their fangs out.
The enemy had never wanted an alliance from the beginning.
For every four Shinobi of Kinoha, there were more than ten against them.
We were outnumbered.
The Shinobi of Kinoha who had been entrusted with receiving the letter were killed in the blink of an eye.
As soon as it was confirmed that negotiations had been broken off, the enemy was to be exterminated.
That was the mission Itachi and the others had received.
In other words, they were told not to move until the situation was clear.
As a result, their initial response was delayed, and as a result, all of their allies were annihilated.
When the Shinobi of the Frost Nation showed up in a large group of ten, there was every indication that a breakdown was in the offing.
If the dark side had jumped out at that point, our comrades might not have died.
But even if Itachi had been in Kakashi's place, he would not have been able to move until all four were dead.
The scarecrow in front of him lands in the midst of his enemies.
His right hand had already pierced one of them.
A gush of blue lightning enveloped the captain's arm.
Chidori...... is the technique that the scarecrow is best at
By the time the captain pulled out his right arm, Itachi had landed in the middle of the enemy.
There are two more members of the Dark Division.
One is Sugaru
And the other is a young shinobi named Tenzou.
He is a little below Kakashi in age.
But he has been a member of the dark club for quite some time.
"The dark side of Kinoha!"
the enemy cried out, and the next moment, a thick tree trunk entangled itself around the man's neck and strangled him like a snake.
The man was so powerful that he could not resist, and he died with his long tongue hanging from his lips.
This is the art of Tenzou.
Tenzou was able to use a ninjutsu that only the first-generation Hokage, Hashiruma, had been able to use.
From the very beginning, Kinoha had no intention of forming an alliance with us, did he?
Another enemy said to Kakashi.
You were the one who started it."
Without waiting for a response, Chidori gutted the enemy.
Weasel heard a scream on his back.
The enemy, looking over his shoulder, was coming at him, holding a large sword at the top of his head.
Itachi turned his body and looked back.
The great sword was close to his brain.
I quickly raised my right arm
I catch the enemy's right wrist gripping the hilt.
"Damn!"
"Give up!"
"Give it up!" he says, still holding the wrist.
The enemy stares at the weasel in a cold sweat, unable to even bring his great sword down.
"Shiran-eyes!
The enemy's body shakes once so violently that he loses all power.
Like a puppet with broken strings, the enemy's head flutters in the air in front of Weasel's eyes, as if it is about to fall to the ground.
A ninja sword glints behind the enemy.
Sugaru.
"The mission of the Hokage-sama is to exterminate the enemy."
Sugaru whispers in a voice only Itachi can hear.
He had read my mind when I tried to stun him with my Sharanjutsu.
There is no need to destroy the enemy.
Whether the messenger returns or not, the Frost Lands will soon learn of this incident.
If you seek retribution, only those who killed the four men will suffice.
Letting the others live to tell the tale of Kinoha's strength would be a more effective check against the Frost Nation.
I understand.
Itachi told Sugaru, who was already on his way to a new enemy, and set his sights on the next target.
Four enemies left.
They have already lost the will to fight.
Sugaru's ninja sword sends a man's head flying as he sits up and begs for his life.
Behind him, a sharp branch created by Tenzou's ninjutsu (Ninjutsu) pierced the back of a Kunoichi who began to run for his life.
Now the Frost Nation and the Kinoha are enemies!
Your lives will prevent that from happening."
Kakashi whispers softly, his arm piercing the enemy's dove-tail.
Itachi!"
Tenzou's voice.
Weasel's eyes caught sight of his foe, who was now facing him with a deadly look.
The enemy, clutching a kunai with both hands and gritting his teeth, was no more than ten years old.
The land of frost is small.
Although there are no more major wars, the number of Shinobi is still small and the national power is still in its infancy, so even a child like this would be a sufficient force in battle.
Taaah!"
The cry of enthusiasm is now a cry.
Weasel accepted the boy into his chest.
A sharp pain in the stomach.
The boy's kunai had pierced it.
His thin arms still trembling from the touch of Weasel's belly
The boy's eyes welled up with tears as his fear overtook him.
Itachi!"
the scarecrow cries out.
It's all right.
The scarecrows look on from a distance as Weasel calmly replies
The boy's face, shaking slightly, slowly lifts up.
Tear-stained eyes catch the weasel's.
"Oh, ohhhh... ......"
Fear leaks out of his voice.
You're a full-fledged Shinobi now. You must be strong."
He speaks softly to his enemy.
The boy is confused and frightened.
Shaking his head from side to side, he tried his best to turn away from the reality of the situation.
You didn't run away, you came at me. So, I too, will treat you as a full-fledged shinobi. ......
He gripped the kunai behind his back so that the boy could not see it.
He ran the blade up the thin neck of his enemy, who continued to cry, as if thrusting from below.
Gently, I pulled the kunai from my stomach and backed away.
Blood sprays from the boy's neck.
He would not take the blood back.
That is part of being a Shinobi.
The young body fell into a pile of wreckage, friend or foe alike.
This is also a battlefield. ......
Whispering in a voice that no one can hear
Weasel asks his heart
Am I really getting closer to my dream?
Buried in the slow flow of time, his body seemed to grow heavier and heavier. The childhood days, when he had single-mindedly wished to be a better shinobi than anyone else, were already far away, and the fence that clung to his body tried to frame Itachi as "just a shinobi.
I want to leave my village, my clan, and the dark side behind and be free. ......
I know that this is unforgivable.
The anguished Weasel was staring into the eyes of a boy who had lost his luster.
The number of people expected to participate in the uprising, the invasion route, a list of targets and assassination attempts, and, most importantly, the day of the uprising. "I would like to set the most important date of the rally at the next meeting. Please get everyone's ideas together by then. If you have any ideas, you are welcome to come forward at any time. Just be careful of the eyes of the people in the village.
When my father finished, my compatriots relaxed for a moment.
This relaxation was in anticipation of the end of the meeting.
But their feelings were broken by Yashiro's tense voice.
Is Weasel here?
Weasel was inwardly disgusted by the sound of his own voice calling out to him.
Weasel!"
Weasel did not answer, but the irritating voice followed him.
I'm here."
Weasel sat up heavily.
Yashiro does not reprimand Weasel for his attitude, but simply gives him a cruel look.
You were there the other day when negotiations with the Frost Nation broke down, weren't you?
............"
"Answer me.
"The mission of the Dark Side is not for outsiders to discuss."
Are you serious?"
Yashiro's brow wrinkles deeply.
Weasel didn't answer, just stared into the narrow eyes in front of him.
What was it that brought you into the dark side?
............
"To be close to the heart of the village, to get information and report it to us, right?"
Yashiro.
The father called out the name of his trusted advisor to his silent son.
Yashiro does not answer his father, but continues to stare at the weasel.
What have you done for us since you joined the dark side?　We have never heard you tell us the secret of our village.
We don't know, that's why we don't talk about it.
Is that it?
What do you mean?
A flicker of antipathy in the weasel's eyes.
A long-haired man stands up next to Yashiro, who accepts it with a wry smile.
My name is Inabi.
He, too, is a confidant of my father's.
You're betraying us ......
"Enough!"
my father shouted.
Yashiro and Inavi were silent at his unusual words.
You know what the time is like for our clan," he said, "and you know what it's like for us. You know what the time is like for the clan, and you know that nothing important will come of it if you keep fighting amongst yourselves.
............"
Yashiro sits down, looking displeased.
Inabi followed suit.
You sit down too, Weasel.
Father glared at him.
"Weasel. ......"
The father whispered in a thin voice to his son, who continued to stand.
It was as if he was pleading with him.
I'm sorry."
The pain in my heart spilled out into words.
My father is trying so hard to keep us all together.
Why does he have to be so mean to make things go away?
Is the family so important to him?
To Weasel, it looked like my father was at the mercy of the youth's passion.
I don't understand. ......
Anyway, the next meeting will be the one that decides our path. It is an important meeting. I will not allow you to miss it, so please be prepared for that."
The meeting ended on a sour note, and Weasel headed home alone without making eye contact with anyone.
He didn't even see Shisui and Izumi.
Danzo looks down at Hiruzen, who puts his lips to the mouth of his smoking pipe.
The fire shadow's office.
No one is there but the two of them.
You've been in the Dark Division for six months now. ......
Hiruzen said, exhaling smoke.
What are you talking about?"
Don't play dumb. I'm talking about the man you've been eyeing.
"Hmm."
Sometimes Hilsen would say things in this roundabout way.
"I've been faithful to my duty."
I see.
You're not here to talk about him, are you?
He sees right through you.
Danzo, who hated the idea of anyone looking into his mind more than anyone else, found it unbearable.
It seems we have a direct subordinate in the family, Hiruzen."
Hiruzen put his mouth on the pipe as if he had hit a sore spot.
Danzo did not care, but continued.
 And even if it is only nominally, you have again allowed one of our own to enter the dark side.
Sisui wanted us to be able to move freely. I only prepared the way for that to happen.
A mere shinobi, a shadow of a shinobi, has listened to the selfishness of a mere shinobi?
We only took into consideration the wishes of those who cared about our clan.
The village will not stand if you take into consideration the feelings of each and every one of us.
I know that without being told by you!
Hildsen shouted in frustration.
How about you stop being so indirect and say it plainly?　What the hell are you doing here today, Danzo?
It's time to stop tormenting him. ......
Danzo chuckled inside and said what he had been thinking for some time
Just as you have a pawn of your own in our clan, I want you to have one for me.
"A pawn.
At the mention of the word "pawn," Hilsen made a blatantly disgusted face. When he finished, he looked at Danzo with the corners of his mouth slightly turned up.
"You want me to give the weasel to Root?"
I hadn't thought of that.
Don't play dumb with me.
I'm not playing around.
Hiruzen's eyes narrowed as he tried to read Danzo's true intentions.
The numerous wrinkles at the corners of his eyes deepen.
What are you thinking?
"Why don't you promote Weasel to squad leader?"
He's only eleven years old.
The dark division squad leader must be at least thirteen years old. ...... I remember there was a rule about that.
Danzo says with a wry smile, and Hiruzen's expression turns unpleasant.
The dark division is a unit that plays a central role in the village. The squad leader who leads it must have sufficient judgment. Therefore, the minimum age for qualification is thirteen.
"Sufficient judgment. ...... Weasel already has that.
That is not the point.
Age is powerless before strength.
Danzo's hard-line stance shuts Hilsen down.
The agreement is not that important to you, Hilsen. Our family's dissatisfaction is already unbearable. In order to break through such a situation, we need someone who is in a position to effectively use the will of the root, and who also connects with you. A mere shinobi of the dark side cannot escape the command of a squad leader. To promote Itachi to squad leader means to make him lighter.
You want to keep him out of the "root" and put him somewhere between you and me?
That's what I mean. The two are unmatched in terms of their abilities in our family.  Just as you gave Shisui the privilege, Weasel needs to have some authority.
But eleven is far too young to be a squad leader."
Hirsen is lost.
One more push: ......
How about twelve?"
The third Hokage does not answer.
Hildsen is not sure. "As for the terms of the agreement, I think we can handle it well enough by raising Weasel's official age by one year, don't you?"
Let me think about it just a little longer.
I understand."
Danzo is convinced.
Hildsen will definitely agree.
What about school?
Weasel asks his brother as he sits on the bench and quenches his thirst with a glass of cold juice.
It's much better to train with you like this," he said.
Sasuke looked up at his brother and smiled, clutching the can with both hands as it dripped with water.
"It's much more beneficial to train with Shisui .......
Itachi had said something similar when he had just entered ninja school.
Even after all this time, I realize that siblings are just like each other.
When Sasuke was home after an early mission, I would accompany him in his training.
Since I usually don't get to spend much time with him, I proactively make opportunities for him to do so.
And now, this time spent with Sasuke has become the most therapeutic for Itachi.
Sweating it out with his little brother was an escape from the heaviness of everyday life.
When did this happen?
These days, when I see Shisui, we always talk about the future of the family.
It's been many years since we trained together.
Even when I talk to Izumi, I am so focused on what she is going through that I can't stay with her without thinking about it.
I knew I was paying too much attention to her, but I couldn't help it.
In the end, the only time I could be myself, without thinking about anything else, was when I was accompanying my brother in his training.
Is school boring?"
"No, it's not, but ......
Sasuke stares at the mouth of the can and mouths the words.
I somehow know what my brother is thinking.
"You don't get along with your friends because of your different skills and ways of thinking, do you?"
Itachi himself was like that.
Because he could do everything better than anyone else, his peers seemed so much like children.
They were too young in the way they thought and approached things to be able to talk to each other with equal values.
I vaguely thought that Sasuke was probably the same way.
I had a feeling that my brother was just as clumsy in social interaction as I was.
I'm not trying to be good at it," he said. I'm not trying to do well, because they are totally useless at ninjutsu and studying. ......
What about Naruto?
What?
The first thing that comes to my mind is the fact that I am not sure what to do with the money I have.
Itachi's surprise was evident in the way he looked up at him.
Itachi himself was also surprised.
I don't know why I said Naruto's name.
It was just that the thought of that blond kid, the same age as his brother, had crossed his mind.
He's a total failure at everything he does," he said. He's a pain in the ass.
"Does Naruto have a problem with you?"
I don't really care about him, but he's always complaining about me.
If his brother's position at school is no different from Itachi's during his school days, I think the other students are keeping Sasuke at a distance.
Instead of taking a glance at Sasuke's ability, no one sincerely wants to be his friend.
Naruto, however, is said to be the one who pokes at Sasuke.
The image of him boldly saying that he would become a fire shadow comes back to his mind
A pathetic child with nine tails in his body and no one to take him seriously.
And yet, he still believes in big dreams.
His looks, his mannerisms, everything about him, he is the complete opposite of his younger brother Sasuke.
But ...... when I dream of the two of them standing side by side, they look strangely like each other.
The fact that they are poking at you means that they are interested in you. Get along with him.
I can't be friends with that guy.
I hope someday I can."
He put his palm on his brother's head.
You'll never get along with him!
Sasuke closed his eyes, wrinkled the bridge of his nose, and gritted his teeth.
Itachi couldn't help but laugh at the ridiculous expression on his face.
His brother's face relaxes and he begins to laugh as well.
The dusk, filled with warmth, passes peacefully.
Fugaku, sitting with his arms crossed, opens his eyelids when he hears the sound of a shoji sliding open.
It was his room.
He was sitting with his back to the wall on the right side of the room, looking at the tokonoma (alcove) on the upper floor to his right.
The shoji facing the corridor opened to reveal his child.
What do you want, Father?
My son, who was too good to be true, did not mend his tone, which had become very cold recently, nor did he come into the room with that question.
Come in.
Fugaku nudged him to come in, and he finally stepped across the threshold, grudgingly.
Closing the shoji with his hands behind his back, the son sat down in front of his father.
I see you've been to the park with Sasuke.
"Yes."
He made sure they came home covered in sweat and called for the bathhouse attendant.
The younger brother is now sitting at the dining table talking with his mother.
I have to prepare for tomorrow's mission. Please be brief.
The son's face is tense as he says this, and he is clearly wary of his father.
No wonder.
They haven't had any conversation recently, and the only time they hear each other's voices is at meetings.
He can't show his parent's face in public.
It was only natural that the distance between them would grow if they kept treating each other in such an impersonal manner.
"Don't be so formal.
Fugak smiled.
It was the best he could do.
Normally, Fugak seldom smiled.
As the commander of a police force and the leader of the young men of his clan, he knows better than to show his emotions.
No. ......
Come to think of it, I haven't laughed much since I was a child.
Come to think of it, when was the last time you saw your son smile?
I couldn't remember.
A strange joy wells up in my heart that I and my son are so much alike......
As a parent, there was a difference between the pure joy of having a child who looked like you and the joy Fugaku felt now.
He was called the genius of the ninja school, passed the Chuunin examination alone, and became the first of the Uchiha clan to be appointed to the Dark Department.
He felt joy at the fact that he was similar to the shinobi who had built numerous legends.
It was a feeling that was so distorted for a father that he saw his son as an object of admiration in some way.
And Fugaku himself is clearly aware of this feeling.
Therefore, Fugaku sometimes envies his son.
Not as a father, but as a man, he could not accept the fact that he was losing.
That's why he is so careless with Weasel.
As a parent, I think this is a very foolish thing to do.
However, Fugaku's pride as a shinobi prevents him from being happy about Itachi's success.
And such a son was about to leave his own hands. ......
"How's the dark side of the business?"
Itachi looks at his father with wary eyes as he asks without breaking into a smile.
Weasel: "As long as you practice what I've been accumulating day by day since I graduated from ninja school, there's nothing to be concerned about."
An all too exemplary answer.
The son who answered without hesitation seemed to have a head that he was dealing with a person who united the young men of his family rather than with his father.
There are no Yashiro or Inavi here."
He continued in the softest possible tone.
I am your father and you are my son. That's all there is in this room.
He was a bright boy.
When he said that, he seemed to understand his father's thoughts and feelings very quickly.
But that didn't mean he would change his attitude to that of a five or six year old with only honest feelings.
He let his guard down a little, and that's about the extent of his loosening of his heart.
Even so, Weasel's eyes were much calmer than before.
Nothing has changed from when you weren't in the dark.
You do some hard work, don't you?"
"Yes, there is. ......
Then the son shut his mouth.
Then he looked down for a moment and looked straight at his father again.
"Now that you're in the Dark Division, you can't afford to be lax."
That's my boy."
He always said these words when praising his son. But for some reason, using these words made me feel as if I had grown taller. I feel as if I am trying to keep my gifted child within my own category.
"My child.
That's how I feel.
It's already in my vocabulary. When I want to praise my son, the words come before the thoughts. That's why I say
"That's my boy!
After he utters the words, a small, sharp thorn pierces his chest. And today, too, Fugak felt a pain in his chest.
He spits out the words to shake off the itchiness around his dove-tail
'Don't worry about what happened at the meeting.'
Huh?"
The father's words brought a surprised look to the son's eyes.
Perhaps he had expected to be reprimanded for his interactions with Yashiro and the others at the meeting.
Weasel was surprised to find that he had been betrayed.
Not all members of the clan think alike. Not all members of the clan have the same views, and we don't want to force our ideas on you. I want you to be a man like a rock, who will go against the current, rather than a pebble that is swept away by the current.
Father......"
I will not change my mind. If you don't agree with what Yashiro and the others have to say, then you can speak your mind and be fair about it.
But there is an atmosphere in that meeting that does not allow that."
A sigh naturally escaped from Fugak's mouth.
Fugak's sigh naturally escaped his lips. The young people are so absorbed in their enthusiasm that they are blinded by it. And they are going forward with what they believe to be noble thoughts, even to the exclusion of those who don't agree with them.
"Father is ......"
Weasel clammed up.
What is it?　Speak up.
"Yes."
The son spoke up, as if determined.
"Do you have a different opinion from theirs?"
"No."
"No," he assured him.
I feel the same way about them. I'm just not young enough to be able to dismiss all different ideas.
I could clearly see his disappointment in his son's eyes.
I see. ......
The stone has already been rolled away.
There was nothing we could do about it now.
No, I wasn't going to.
Determination was the only possibility left for the family.
But he did not want to force ...... his son to obey.
You must stay pure in your thoughts. You have to be pure in your thoughts. You have to be lost, lost, lost, and find the answer. And when you find the answer, don't hesitate. Find the answer and be determined to follow through with it. That is determination.
Decision: ......
Yes, that's right. Few people in this world live their lives making their own decisions. Everyone lives their lives leaving decisions to others and shying away from responsibility. Don't live that way. Make your own decisions and go on with your life.
Fugak felt a burning in his eyes.
He was desperately trying to suppress the excitement in his chest so that his son would not realize what he was feeling.
I understand.
Weasel let out a small exhalation, and turned his hot gaze on his father.
I will not leave the decisions of my life in anyone else's hands.
That's my boy."
For the first time in a long time, Fugaku could honestly say these words.
No pain in the chest.
Danzo did not miss the small quiver in Hiruzen's eyebrows.
In the main conference room of the Hikage mansion, the budget policy for the administration of Kinohagakure no Sato was being decided.
In addition to Hiruzen and Danzo, Gyoichiban members Koharu and Homura were also present.
The basic policy is decided at this meeting, and based on it, Hiruzen adopts a formal budget with the heads of the village administrative bodies.
The budget for this police force is .......
Hilsen looked at the three others, taking his eyes off the document in his hand.
In his hand was a proposal from Danzo and the others.
What does this mean, Kohar?
Kohar looked at Hiruzen with narrow eyes slightly wide open.
It has already been seven years since the war ended. Seven years have passed since the end of the war, and the security of the village has calmed down considerably. In addition, it has become customary for the dark side to investigate important and heinous crimes. The role of the police force has become limited. We don't need the same budget as before, do we?
But," he said, "it is too sudden to suddenly reduce the budget by 40%. This will have some impact on the personnel of the police force.
While looking at Hilsen's face, which looked as if it was chewing a bitter bug, Mito Homura opened his mouth.
The reconstruction work after the attack on Kubi is almost complete, and there is an urgent need to build new facilities and lay wide roads. The ninja school, which abolished the early graduation system, must be expanded soon. We cannot afford to spend money on an organization that is shrinking.
I understand that. I understand that, but if we continue to focus on the police force as the enemy, we will be more and more ......
"It will drive them to frustration. I don't know.
Danzo spat out a few words, knowing exactly what to say, as he continued his rhetorical rhetoric.
So I ask you, is there any other department in the village that has seen such a marked downsizing of its duties as the police force?　The peace in the village and the expansion of the duties of the dark department. The cause of the shrinkage is also clear. The police force cannot do more than maintain security. And it is doubtful that even this is being faithfully carried out due to the negative feelings of dissatisfaction with the village. Securing the current budget is just coddling, don't you think?"
It is not coddling. It is protection.
Protection?　Why should we protect those who have no problem working?
Because their opportunities are limited by people like you, who are prejudiced against the family!
Hilsen taps his desk and stands up, while Homura and Koharu watch calmly.
Danzo, without suppressing the smile on his face, addressed his old acquaintance, the third generation.
'You want to protect them because they are prejudiced ....... Isn't that exactly what you are doing, isolating and discriminating against them?"
What the ......
The police force has a job opening and a more than adequate budget guaranteed by the village, which is why the members of our clan refuse to have contact with outsiders and keep to themselves, keeping to their inner circle. Since you have kept them isolated within the framework of the security force under the guise of protection, they are able to nurture the seeds of discontent within themselves, don't you think?
The establishment and operation of the Guard is the legacy of the dead Master Nisei.
Don't you think that idea is a bit old-fashioned?
Now that the war is over and the scars of the Nine Tails have begun to heal, I think we need a change.
"I have no objection."
Koharu voiced his agreement.
Homura nodded silently in agreement.
I have already given them the heads up. The three of them were in agreement about reducing the budget of the police force.
Only Hilsen is a mosquito out of the loop.
What if the dissatisfaction of our family erupts?
We're using Sisui to prevent that from happening, aren't we?"
Danzo made a decisive move.
Hillsen's mouth was tightened as he was hit on a sore point.
Isn't that why you removed a young Shinobi who cares about his family from his regular duties, gave him a nominal position, and even gave him the authority to allow him a certain amount of arbitrary decisions?"
Thirty percent is ......."
Hilsen said in a muffled voice.
A painful choice.
It's exactly what we planned to do.
Danzo doesn't think a 40% cut is feasible either.
He thought a reasonable line would be 30 percent.
If we cut the budget by more than 30 percent, there would inevitably be a backlash from the police force.
I respect the decision of the fire brigade."
Danzo's deliberate words made Hiruzen look overtly uncomfortable.
Shisui called me to the usual cliff.
It was already midnight.
The village and the hamlet are asleep.
Yet the dark eye that watches over the village is still awake.
During the family surveillance mission, I had memorized the angles of view of all the surveillance cameras.
It has already devised a route that allows it to move freely through the village, exploiting the slightest gap between cameras.
The dark surveillance and blind spot routes were only shared with Shisui.
Shisui is the only shinobi we can trust.
She would never do anything that would be leaked to others.
Shisui must have also taken the blind spot route to the cliff.
No one else knew of their meeting.
Once through the village and out of sight of the surveillance cameras, Weasel ran.
The moon, low sine, shone near the mid-sky.
Under the twinkling stars, twinkling as if they were about to fall, he ran, picking his way through the darkness.
Suddenly, the forest cracked and the desired cliff appeared.
Standing with its back to us, it gazed at the great river flowing beneath the cliff.
Weasel rushed forward at once and stopped behind it.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
I just got here myself.
When he turned his head to look at him, his face was clearly exhausted.
His eyes were slightly darkened and his cheeks were slightly furrowed.
Her chin, which was a little more pointed than in the past, looked more like a scar from overwork than from growth into adulthood.
You look very tired.
You've been through a lot. ......