Tomorrow, Mukai Kohinata will take his first vacation in a month.
When Itachi was informed of this fact by Danzo Shimura, he made up his mind to go.
Arrangements are made immediately, and the schedule of Itachi's and Shisui's missions is changed.
This was due to Danzo's arrangement.
Tomorrow, Itachi will kill a Shinobi who lives in the same village. ......
He may be a traitor, but he is still one of us.
A fellow villager.
It would be a lie to say that I had no hesitation in killing such a man.
But this was heavier and more important than any other mission Itachi had ever experienced in his life as a shinobi.
There was no way he could refuse.
The fact that Mukai was a traitor who had been working behind the scenes with the village of Kirigakure and had been leaking important secrets to the village of Kinoyagakure was something that he had to keep in mind, and somehow he was able to deal with his guilt.
“We're ready!”
A cheerful voice broke through Itachi's thoughts.
I've set up eight of them, just like you said.
He smiled at his brother.
I smiled back.
In the forest
Itachi was resting after receiving the decision on tomorrow's mission.
At Sasuke's insistence, Itachi went along with his training.
Sasuke hides a double-circled target among the trees.
It's amazing that none of them can be seen by Itachi.
“Come on, brother.”
Sasuke hurries up in a bouncy voice, as if he can't hide his excitement.
Nodding, Itachi grasped the kunai in both hands.
Itachi nodded and grabbed a kunai in each hand, one between each finger to make eight.
Eight iron claws popped out from his lightly clenched fists.
I fell on my face and unified my mind for a moment.
Then, he pours the chakra he has stored in his belly into the depths of his eyes.
Shakugan: ......
The breath of the trees suddenly becomes noisy
Amidst the roaring and stirring pulse of life, I saw a small circular foreign body
eight
Letting out one small exhalation, Itachi kicked lightly at the ground.
He flipped his head and feet in the air.
Turning his body upside down stabilizes his stance by extending his center of gravity downward.
The more stable your stance, the more precise your control of the kunai will be.
Close your eyes and visualize the eight targets in your brain.
There were two that I couldn't reach from this location.
The most troublesome target was the one lying haphazardly behind the huge rock in front of me.
The first thing I did was to throw the four left-hand targets at once.
They hit the four targets in relatively easy places with precision.
Now, the two kunai held between the thumb and middle finger of my right hand.
These also pierce the target safely.
Only two remain.
Itachi's body is still in the air.
Not even a second has passed since he jumped.
I switch the kunai between my middle and ring fingers to my left hand.
One kunai on each side.
Swing both arms and throw at the same time.
The trajectories of the two kunai were deliberately superimposed.
The blades clashed in the void, made a sharp metallic sound, and flew in the wrong direction as if they were being hit by each other.
Landing
His eyes glowed with red light.
Slowly, Itachi stood up and saw the presence of his brother.
Sasuke, who had been hiding behind a tree to avoid danger, popped up.
He seemed to be stunned by Itachi's arm that had pierced the center of all the targets.
With his mouth gaping open, he stares behind the rock in front of him.
There is the most troublesome target there.
Of course, he had hit that too.
It was for this target that he altered his trajectory by crashing the last two shots.
“That was awesome, bro!　It hit the target in the blind spot behind the rock!”
Sasuke jumped out from behind the tree.
He has a kunai in each hand.
I'm sure you'll agree with me.
I'm not sure what to do.
...... Sasuke, it's time to go home.
I'm not sure what to make of this.
I'm not sure what to make of it.
I told you that you would teach me the new shuriken technique!
I gave you my word, and now that I've shown you, I think I've fulfilled it.
“I have an important mission tomorrow, and I need to prepare for it.”
Mainly mental preparation.
My brother turns his head away, his mouth agape.
The cool eyes beneath his furrowed brow were distorted to the point where he looked like he was about to cry.
“...... Brother Bullshit.”
I'm not angry that he didn't teach me the art of shuriken.
He was angry that his time with his brother had been interrupted.
If Itachi could, he would have spent as much time training with Sasuke as he could.
But tomorrow's mission was not going to allow for that.
Itachi wanted to cry as well: ......
He turned his face away and beckoned to his brother, who was peering at him with resentful eyes.
His cloudy face suddenly cleared up with joy.
Sasuke comes running up to him, his happy footsteps echoing in the forest.
“Forgive me, Sasuke. ...... Another time.”
I'll see you next time," he said, sticking out his forefinger and hitting Sasuke in the forehead as he ran towards him.
“Ouch!”
I'm not sure if this is a good idea or not.
He looked up at his brother and his mouth was tied into a knot.
Whenever he makes this expression, Sasuke is always planning something.
“Brother, watch me!”
Sasuke grinned as he crossed his arms and held his kunai.
“Toho------!”
Before Itachi could stop him, Sasuke flew at the target.
Itachi didn't have time to stop him.　If you're reckless, ......
Before Itachi's eyes, Sasuke twisted his ankle and plunged headfirst into the ground.
On the way home
I was walking through the village of Kinohagakure towards the village of Uchiha, carrying the injured Sasuke on my back.
Feeling the warmth of my brother on my back, the time passes peacefully.
A slight wave of Sasuke's presence on his back.
Itachi stopped and looked over his shoulder at his brother.
What's wrong?”
It's here, ......, where my father works.
It's the headquarters of the Kinoha Police Force.
Itachi answered his brother's question nonchalantly as he looked up at the huge concrete building with a circular base.
I've been wondering for a while.
“I've always wondered why our family's crest is on the symbol of the police force.”
“Oh, ......, you noticed that? ......”
“Of course!”
I'm not sure what to say, but I'm sure you'll understand.
I'm not sure what to say. I'm not sure if you've heard of it or not, but I'm sure you've heard of it. That's why they put their family crest on the symbol of this organization. The Uchiha clan has always been responsible for the security of this village. Our family crest is also a sign of that proud family.
In order to satisfy his brother's desire to know something, Itachi spoke while avoiding difficult words as much as possible.
The younger brother listens to his brother's words in silence.
The family is smaller now, but almost all of us still belong to the first squad here and contribute to maintaining the security of the village.
There are exceptions like Shisui.
In Shisui's case, it is said that he was requested by the Shinobi of his village, who highly praised his excellence.
If she were to join the security forces, her interaction with Shinobi from outside would be greatly reduced, and she would be completely incorporated into the framework of our clan.
At the behest of the Shinobi of his village, who feared this, Shisui was assigned to field duty.
The Shinobi of the village feared this, and at the plea of the Shinobi of the village, Shisui had been assigned to field duty. However, Itachi had dismissed this in his thoughts, thinking that it was not something that he needed to explain to Sasuke.
Only an even better shinobi can control the crimes that shinobi commit.
“Only even better Shinobi can control the crimes that Shinobi cause, because only even better Shinobi can control the conflicts that Shinobi create.
And only even better Shinobi are capable of ending the conflicts that Shinobi create.
The younger brother's innocent question pierced Itachi's heart.
I'm not going in. ......
The real answer was almost at the back of his throat.
“Well ......, I don't know ......”
In the event that you're a member of a clan that's unhappy with your village, you can't tell your brother to join the dark side.
Itachi had no choice but to mince his words.
You should do that!
The younger brother, who knew nothing about the dark affairs of adults, shouted in a carefree voice.
I'm sure you'll agree with me.
When I grow up, I'm going to join the ...... police force!
I'm going to join the police force when I grow up!
It's a dream come true.
But that day will never come. ......
Weasels go dark.
Even if I had the opportunity to join the police force, I would not have taken it lightly.
I have a dream to end conflict in this world.
The police force was too small to make that dream a reality.
“My father will be there for the entrance ceremony tomorrow. It's the first step of my dream.”
My brother's dream is to work with my brother as a Shinobi in the police force. ......
I was happy, but ......
That dream will never come true.
...... I guess.”
Itachi was only able to give a vague answer.
I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one who can't wait to get started.
You're late. ...... What have you been up to?　I need to talk to you now.
My father folded his arms and looked at Itachi.
Let's go home.
Yes.”
I'm not sure if you've seen this before, but I've seen it before.
As he walked straight home, Itachi followed in his footsteps, carrying his younger brother in his arms.
When did it become such a chore for me to face my father?
I know the answer.
But Itachi didn't want to admit the answer.
Father's living room
Itachi and Sasuke sat side by side in front of their father, who had his arms crossed.
I hear it's tomorrow.
Itachi remained silent.
Itachi remains silent and feels his heart beating rapidly.
He knew what his father meant.
He was referring to the assassination of Mukai tomorrow.
It was making his heart beat faster.
How much does my father know about this?
And who had told him about the mission?
I have a vague answer to the latter question.
The only person to ask would have to be someone close to Danzou.
Why would Dan-zou leak information about the mission to his father?
Doubt begat doubt, and the weasel's heart pounded in his chest.
Itachi's heart fluttered as his suspicions grew. "...... That's my boy. ...... He's come this far in only six months since he was promoted to chuunin.”
Itachi remained silent, looking at his father.
I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one.
Tomorrow's special mission is ...... and I'm going with you.”
My heart thumped harder than ever this day.
My heart was thumping the hardest of the day, but my brother sitting next to me was shaking even harder.
My father was so occupied with his family that he forgot how important tomorrow would be for my brother.
My anger towards my father rose.
“If this mission is successful, Weasel ...... your enlistment in the Dark Side is almost guaranteed.”
My father's eyes turn red as he stares at his son in silence.
“You know what I mean, .......”
Only one person was allowed to accompany the Mukai assassination.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but it's a good idea.
If he didn't know that, it meant that my father didn't know all the details of the mission.
Perhaps he was only informed of the schedule of the mission by someone else.
Although he hates his village, he is at the mercy of the information that comes from it.
I could not help but feel a pang of pity for my father.
It was a mission that required daring determination.
There was no one else but Shisui to go with him.
I would never allow my father to interfere.
“You don't have to worry so much. Don't worry so much. ......”
I saw Sasuke.
He wanted to cry out loud right now, but his intelligent brother was laughing while stifling his own emotions.
“It's okay, brother. ......
It was as if he could hear his brother's inner voice.
Weasel smiled and put words in his eyes.
“Tell me ......, tomorrow's a big day for you, right?
With a forceful gaze, he pushes the little back
“Dad ...... tomorrow is my ......”
“Tomorrow's mission will be an important mission for our clan!”
The courage of his younger brother was shattered by the hard words of his father, who only cared about the clan.
And Sasuke's face fell into a frozen expression as he struggled to hold back his tears.
My anger at my father is over the limit.
Is the clan that important to you?
Doesn't he care about his brother?
All I see in his eyes is the future of his family.
He doesn't care about his son who is about to embark on a deadly mission.
And he doesn't even care about his brother.
With such a narrow view, how could I possibly defeat the village of Kinoyagakure?
I was sick of it all.
I'm quitting tomorrow's mission after all.
“What?　What are you talking about?　You know how important tomorrow is!　What the hell is wrong with you?
Tomorrow, I'm going to follow Sasuke to the entrance ceremony of his ninja school.
My father gasped slightly.
It was only then that he remembered what his son was going to do tomorrow.
It was so annoying and ......
It was sad.
It is customary for relatives to attend the entrance ceremony of a ninja school. You've been notified. ......
I meant what I said about abandoning the mission.
Words from the bottom of my heart will not lie.
My father seemed to understand that Weasel was serious.
A slight silence fell over the place, and then my father let out a small sigh of exasperation.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one.
Itachi and Sasuke also left the room and followed him.
Itachi and Sasuke followed him out of the room, the deerstalker making a dry sound in the yard.
Itachi knew that his father would be at Sasuke's entrance ceremony if he said it like that.
His son's enlistment in the Dark Forces was the first step towards achieving the family's long-held dream.
There was no way he was going to let Sasuke's entrance ceremony ruin that.
He really wanted to attend Sasuke's entrance ceremony because he couldn't let his father go along with the mission.
It wasn't a lie that I was sick of everything and that I wanted to go to the ninja school.
But that didn't mean I had given up on accomplishing my mission with Shisui.
Joining the dark side was not a stepping stone to achieving the family's longing.
It was a small step toward achieving Itachi's dream of becoming the most skilled Shinobi in the world, in order to end all conflict.
I had no intention of giving in.
I used my brother to do so. ......
I'm disappointed in myself for that.
Sasuke, who seemed to feel responsible for creating a bad atmosphere between his brother and father despite his father's decision to attend the entrance ceremony, quietly followed behind Itachi.
Itachi, looking over his shoulder at his brother, hid his guilt and opened his mouth
I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.
I'm sure you'll be able to understand why.
“Yeah .......”
My brother replied with a complicated expression.
I'm not sure what to say to that, but I can't find anything to say to Sasuke.
It's no exaggeration to say that I live for this guy.
In front of the gasping Itachi, Mukai Kohinata exhaled a cigarette into the sky.
In the other hand, he is holding a silver bottle of alcohol.
The three of them glared at each other, and around them lay over a dozen of the Shinobi of Kirigakure.
They were already unconscious.
All of them were defeated by Itachi and Shisui alone.
“Surrender meekly, Kohinata Mukai. "Surrender meekly, Kohinata Mukai. The Fire Shadow-sama is tolerant of those who turn themselves in. He will not kill you.”
Said Shisui, standing next to Itachi.
In his eyes, there were already three tails of the Sharin-eye.
I'm sure you'll be able to figure out what's going on.
I'm sure you'll be able to understand why. But still, after all, if you only walk around in sunny places, can you only have that level of feeling? Or ......”
He stopped speaking abruptly, and Mukai tipped the silver bottle.
“You mean you're still a kid?”
I'm not sure what to make of this.
I'm not sure what to make of that.
You know what I did, don't you? You know what I've done, and you know whether or not I can be forgiven for turning myself in.
He flicked his thumb to remove the ashes.
“It's an honor to have two of our geniuses of the moment as my assassins.”
I tossed the cigarette into a portable ashtray I had taken from my pocket.
I put the lid on the silver bottle and put it in my vest pocket.
The chakra of Mukai mutters, "This is not safe.
The chakra in Mukai's body suddenly increased in volume.
He brought back his shadow alter.
In the same time that Mukai's chakra increased, Itachi unleashed his own shadow body that had been monitoring the Kinoba Hospital.
Itachi's son is probably very angry right now because he found out that the old man he was talking to was his shadow self.
I'm sure he'll be very happy to hear that.
It's time to go home and make an excuse.
I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I'm not the only one who has a problem with this.
How did a shinobi like you become a spy?
There are many things that come with being an old man. You have to get older to understand what those things are. So if I told you guys now, you wouldn't understand half of it.
What happens to your sick son when you die?
I can't die here for that kind of thing. Even if it kills you.”
Numerous streaks run around Mukai's left eye.
“The white eye!”
I'm sure you'll be able to figure out what's going on.
I'm not going to be able to do anything about it, so please forgive me.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
The distance between them was shortened at once.
In the event you're not sure what you're looking for, there are a few things you can do.
As he thrust his hand toward the dove's tail into the belly, he bent his index and middle fingers inside his body.
“Huh!”
Mukai exhaled with a spirited exhalation, and his hand blade pulled out the weasel's intestines.
The moment: ......
The weasel, standing there with its stomach torn open, turned into a huge number of ravens and flew up.
It's not that I'm not a fan of this kind of thing.
Behind him, Shisui sneaks up.
I'm not sure what to do.
A ball of fire was spat out from Shisui's mouth as he quickly made a sign, and it was enough to fill up Mukai.
With his right palm held out in front of his face, Mukai faced the fireball.
Direct hit
No!
The fireball split in half in front of Mukai.
It didn't look like he had performed any kind of magic.
But that didn't mean that he had any special kind of energy in his body.
It looked to Itachi as if the fireball itself had broken in front of Mukai's eyes.
Itachi said, "To control a jujutsu that cuts off the chakra of an enemy means to know its flow. The jutsu is a mass of chakra. If you can read the flow, it's not that hard to crack it.
It's not hard to crack it if you can read the flow.
I'm not sure what to say.
I'm not sure if you've heard of it or not, but I'm sure you've heard of it.
It's not the level of body art.
It was no wonder her face was cloudy.
Itachi has been watching all of this unfold from afar.
About three hours north of the village of Kinoyagakure, in the territory of the Fire Nation
The three of them are fighting in a small basin surrounded by tall mountains.
In the rocky mountains, where not a single plant or tree grew, there were plenty of places for a single person to hide.
Weasel lurked in the shade of a reasonable rock, watching the two fight.
The only person who was facing Mukai was his shadow alter ego.
Itachi hadn't left this spot since the beginning.
His opponent was a jujutsu master.
It would be too difficult to kill him in close combat.
The game will be decided by a single blow from a distance.
Sharin-gan is an eye technique.
You put chakra into your own eyes to trap your opponent in the technique.
In other words, as long as your gaze is within range, you can trap your enemy.
Eye contact is not something that happens only in the conscious mind.
Thinking it is an ordinary scene, the enemy gazes around.
As long as the axis of vision of the enemy and the axis of vision of the practitioner are perfectly aligned, a situation of eye contact can be created without the enemy being aware of it.
Itachi had been waiting for that moment.
And that's why Shisui is struggling to match Mukai's stance with Itachi's axis of vision while daring to engage in a dangerous close combat.
Once the Sharin-eye pupil jutsu was activated, the rest should have been taken care of.
Once he had created a small break in Mukai's mind, he could use it as a clue to gradually erode his pupil magic.
The problem was the first blow.
In addition to having a lot of experience, he can also sense the flow of chakra as a vision.
As a user of the White Eye, Mukai naturally knew what the Sharin-eye was all about.
It was a strategy to break it.
Shisui, who had just barely dodged Mukai's left thrust, turned his body upside down.
Taking advantage of the opportunity, Mukai closes the distance between them.
Shisui ducked and flew backwards.
At that moment, Mukai's face turned toward the shade of the rock where Itachi was hiding.
But their axes of vision have not yet intersected.
I'm not sure if you've seen this before, but I've seen it before.
He activated his magic eye.
Of course, Shisui's magic eye was a diversion.
The place where Mukai turned his face away was in the direction of the rocks where the weasels were hiding.
Itachi's gaze, sharpened against the enemy, and Mukai's gaze, unconsciously capturing the landscape, intersected: ......
It should have been.
Just as he was about to do so, Mukai suddenly kicked the ground and flew.
A tremendous leap!
When he landed, he kicked another rock and leaped again.
He knew where we were.
A moment earlier, Mukai had noticed Weasel's presence with his white eye ability.
Perhaps that's when he realized that he was activating his Sharin-eye.
Perhaps it was to confirm his own intuition, or perhaps it was to draw Itachi into the fight.
In any case, Mukai jumped in a straight line to the rock where Itachi was hiding.
Itachi doesn't miss the smile on the face of Shisui standing behind him.
Shisui is gone.
The next thing he knows, he's right in front of Mukai.
“Tsk!”
Mukai clicks his tongue and is knocked down onto the rocky outcrop.
A kick from Shisui exploded in his face.
The skull cracked.
Itachi thought this, but what he saw was a shattered log.
“Shadow alter ego!”
“Yes, .......”
Itachi heard Mukai's voice behind him as he let out a small cry.
Jujitsu stance.
“Bagua Two Palm.”
Left and right palm soles striking the stomach in succession.
“Bagua four palms.”
No time to breathe, now four shots.
Bagua eight palm.
As if to mock Weasel's thoughts as he searched for a way to fight back, Mukai's blows attacked without mercy.
“Ohhhh!”
A sorrowful voice came from the right side of the Mukai.
The white eye's blind spot.
In the corner of Itachi's dazed vision, the figure of Shisui was wavering as he unleashed a flying kick.
“Shisui......”
The only reason he had time to mutter was because Mukai had taken a defensive stance.
No.
The word "defensive" is too simplistic.
In the event that you have any questions regarding where and the best way to get in touch with us, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Mukai was supporting the strong young man's body with only one arm.
The strangled Shisui is struggling desperately.
But the five fingers that are buried in his throat won't budge.
In order to overcome the weaknesses, there is something called "training".
The first step in my training was to use my physical skills to cover the blind spot of the white eye that only appeared on one side. Don't underestimate the old man too much, boys.
“Kohinata Mukai: ......”
Itachi was unconsciously calling out the name of the mighty enemy before him.
Itachi was unconsciously calling out the name of the mighty enemy in front of him, and before he knew it, his foot was stepping forward.
What is it?　Do you want me to kill you?”
It was a situation that could have been taken as such.
I'm sure you'll be able to understand that I'm not the only one who has a problem with this.
To move forward without any plan is an act that could be judged as barbaric.
But my feet would not stop moving forward.
I don't even remember ordering it, but I keep walking toward Mukai.
“Then I will make you as comfortable as you wish.”
“Ugh!”
I'm sure you've heard of it.
He's going to crush her larynx.
“Stop!”
Itachi's eyes glittered with the magic of the mirror.
Itachi's eyes flashed with the magic of the mirror, "How can such a blatant illusion be understood by me?
I'm not going to let you get away with it," said Mukai, looking away from Itachi.
I'm not sure what to make of this.
I'm sure you'll be able to understand why.
I'm not sure what to say.
This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for, and how you can get it.
Although the power of the Sharin-gan may change depending on the number of magatama, this form itself was common to all families.
But the Shisui's is different.
The three tailed magatama chain together to form a huge chain, and the small black dot in the center of the pupil disappears, forming a red cavity.
In the event that the ratio of red to black in a normal ring eye is about eight to two, the ratio of red to black in Shisui's eyes now is five to five, presenting the appearance of a tussle.
It was probably less than a thousandth of a second that Shisui's gaze and Mukai's gaze intersected.
It was a split second that a normal Shakai eye would not be able to catch.
Shisui would not let that moment pass.
There was no doubt that Mukai had fallen for the illusion. ......
I'm not sure what to say.
I'm sure you'll be able to understand why.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
Itachi is standing there looking at it.
Itachi slashed his own stomach.
The moment Shisui activated the Sharin-eye, Mukai's body stiffened slightly, and he took out a kunai from his pocket and suddenly slashed his stomach in a single stroke!
“Get a grip, Mukai!”
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
It's a spy from another village ....... If the brain is interfered with, he will be forced to take his own life. You won't be able to save yourself.”
Mukai coughed and blood gushed from his mouth.
I've never seen anyone set up a pupil technique in that amount of time. What the heck is that?
I'm not sure.
It's our secret technique. ......
In the event you're not sure what you're looking for, there are a few things you can do.
Itachi said, "Is there anything you want to tell me?”
I'm sure you'll be able to understand what I mean. I'm not sure what to say, but I'm going to say it. My wife and kids have nothing to do with it. ......
So you're saying that betrayal is your own sin?
It's a nice thing to say. ......
A trembling hand is searching for something in his pocket.
The weasel pushed Mukai's fingers away and retrieved what he wanted.
He plucked a cigarette from the box and put it in Mukai's mouth.
“Hi, light it .......”
This time, Shisui took a lighter from his pocket and lit the end of the cigarette.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing and how you're doing it.
This is how a Shinobi dies. ....... I'll be waiting for you over there. ......”
The hand that held the cigarette between his fingers fell with a snap, and Mukai stopped moving.
It's over.”
I'm not sure what to say.
Itachi nodded silently in reply.
Itachi nodded silently and replied: "About that thing you mentioned earlier, .......
“Can you please not tell the people in my village?”
“Can you please keep this from the villagers?" Shisui muttered, staring into Mukai's face.
“Oh.”
“The Kaleidoscope Mirror ......”
I'm sure you'll be able to figure it out.
When the time comes, I'll tell you everything.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
Itachi felt an irresistible attraction to his friend's unknown power.
Itachi stood still and stared at Danzo, who muttered to himself as he looked down at his papers.
This is the room of Danzou in the mansion given to the root.
In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
The captain is Takeshi Kakashi, right?
Yes, sir.”
Weasel answered briefly.
The man standing next to Danzo has been bothering me for a while now.
He's a root wearing a white tiger mask.
I don't have a clear reason for what it is.
It's just that the man has been on my mind for some reason.
The eyes behind the round holes in the white mask have been staring at the weasel as if they were leering at him for a long time.
That sly gaze made my heart flutter for some reason.
The man is good.
Danzou said as if to assure him.
Kakashi Hatake......
When Itachi had only been a shinobi for a short time, he had once saved my life.
He was on a mission to protect a feudal lord in the Fire Country when he was attacked by an unidentified man who killed Tenma of the same team.
Itachi, who had not yet opened his Sharin-eye, was so overwhelmed by the difference in strength that he was ready to die.
However, the man suddenly muttered Kakashi's name and disappeared.
Even now, I don't know the exact reason why he disappeared.
But it is true that the man muttered the name of the scarecrow and disappeared.
Was it because he was afraid of his power, or because of some other reason? There's no way to confirm that now.
The man has a darkness. It's the most important element of darkness.”
Darkness: ......
Do I have it?
Weasel asks himself.
Don't worry. You have plenty of darkness in you.”
Danzo said, as if he could see right through him.
Itachi, who had already been in contact with him many times, was not surprised.
If you have a good insight into the other person's state of mind, it is possible to make some guesses and give answers to their thoughts ahead of time.
Danzou is just using that technique.
I've prepared a transfer gift for you.”
Danzo said, throwing his materials on the desk and standing up.
He tucked the ebony chair under the homogeneous desk and stood next to the tiger face, looking at the weasel.
He put his hand on the man's shoulder and smiled in an unusually cheerful way.
I'm going to lend this man to the police.
This is the first time I've ever seen such a thing.
This is the reason why Itachi has heard that there is no frequent exchange of information or personnel between the two organizations.
“Don't worry, I have Hilsen's permission, of course.”
Danzo spoke again, as if he could see right through him.
Itachi did not like the haughty tone of voice, no matter how many times he heard it.
I don't like it. I'm sure you'll agree.
The tiger's face suddenly spoke.
I'm not sure if there's something stuck in his throat or not, but his voice has a dry, raspy sound to it, making it difficult to understand.
“Sugaru had a serious throat infection when he was a child, and ever since then he's been unable to speak properly.
It's difficult for him to do missions that require him to speak, but he can do anything else.
His voice sounded strange, but his tone was light.
He seems to have a friendly personality.
“You can use this man as your hands and feet.”
Hands and feet?
Yes.
Sugaru replied to Weasel's question to Danzo.
I am the Root. I am a "root" person, and Danzo-sama's orders are absolute. If I am ordered to be your hand or foot, I am prepared to throw my life away for you, even if I am younger than you.
Sugaru said sarcastically.
Itachi stares at Danzo without even a smile on his face.
I can survive in the dark side by myself.
“Don't take it too seriously. I'm not sure if this is a good idea or not. Even Kakashi, the captain, doesn't know the causal relationship between you and him. If you're not aware of Sugaru, that's fine. But Sugaru will always protect your safety.”
“Your safety?　What do you mean, someone's after me?
I'm the first one in the dark, and I'm only eleven years old. I'm the first in the dark, and I'm only eleven years old. That's enough to make people jealous of me.
It's true that on the way to the training ground where we met with the crocodile team, we were baptized with kunai by our friends.
They didn't hit us directly, but they rained down endlessly from the sky.
It was a silent pressure, as if they were blocking the way to the training ground.
The weasels neither avoided nor defended themselves, but simply walked away.
When Kakashi noticed the behavior of his friends, he admonished them, but none of them really felt remorse.
I'm buying you. I don't want you to die young because your friends are jealous.
“No matter who attacks you, ......
“Do not underestimate the Shinobi of the Dark Sect.”
Danzo cut off Itachi's words.
'Those who do not take kindly to Uchiha become more numerous the closer one gets to the heart of the village. The more you get close to the center of the village, the more people who don't like you. What will my clan think if you die?
“No way. ......”
I'm saying that there is a possibility of that happening.
As if to affirm Itachi's thoughts, Danzo nodded loudly.
Itachi dies in the line of duty.
The fathers suspect a conspiracy by the villagers.
Itachi's death would be the perfect catalyst for those who were dissatisfied with the family's position.
The thought that his death might trigger a coup d'etat sent a shiver of fear down Itachi's spine.
You have already assumed a position of great responsibility, both to your village and to our clan.
Danzo moved away from Sugaru, walked around the desk and stood in front of Itachi.
You will have to be the bridge between your village and your clan, so live long Itachi.
Danzo said the same thing to his father.
The village of Kinohagakure and the Uchiha clan: ......
Are they parallel entities?
I'm sure the Uchiha clan is among those who live in the village of Kinohagakure.
I'm not sure what to make of that.　Why doesn't the Kinoha have complete control over the Uchiha clan?
Why are our brothers and sisters so dissatisfied with their village when they are granted autonomy?
The link that binds them together
A pipe, according to my father
A bridge, as Danzo would say.
They're both the same.
“I will protect your life. "I will protect your life, and you can rest assured that you will do your duty as a dark servant. We are weasels.
To Danzo's satisfaction.
Itachi returns a small bow to the satisfied Danzo and quickly leaves the room.
It's been a while since I've seen ......
I'm not sure what to say.
You can find a lot of people who are interested in this kind of thing.
In the event that you've got a lot of time, you'll be able to take a look at the following
As I stood at the entrance to the village, I unexpectedly met Izumi on her way back from a mission.
Neither of them asked the other out, but the two of them naturally walked to the park.
Izumi was alone on the swing, while Itachi was sitting on a bench behind her.
I'm sorry about that time.
“That time?”
Itachi asks back.
Itachi asked, and Izumi looked over his shoulder as he continued to swing.
Itachi asks, and Izumi looks over her shoulder as she continues to swing. "You know, at the tea shop in our village. ......
I remember now.
Izumi was apologizing for running out of the store in anger.
It was the first time we had talked alone since then.
A lot of things have happened since then, and to be honest, Itachi didn't have time to think about Izumi.
So until now, I had completely forgotten about the incident at the teahouse.
Itachi hadn't been angry at all, so it wasn't even a question of forgiveness.
I'm the one who's sorry.
“Why are you apologizing, Itachi?”
I didn't expect Izumi to be so distressed.
“Hmm. ......”
Looking forward, Izumi started to paddle the swing set.
“What?”
“I just thought it was typical Itachi.”
I'm not sure what to say, but I'm sure you'll understand.
Itachi is not able to keep up with this sudden change of heart.
Itachi, thinking that he would be disturbed if he continued like this, tried to change the subject.
“How's the mission going?”
How's the mission going?" "It's nothing compared to yours, Itachi.”
Izumi kicked the swing and flew into the air.
He spins forward and lands neatly on his feet.
With his slender arms outstretched to the left and right, Izumi looked back at him.
I've been using it for a while now, and it's come in handy for things like taking care of the pets of feudal lords' wives and helping government officials in the Fire Nation move.
“I see. ......”
Itachi's mouth naturally curved up in a smile.
He was relieved to hear that Izumi had not experienced any dangerous missions.
He deliberately avoided looking at the answer to the question of why he was relieved.
Itachi believed that he himself was still halfway to becoming a Shinobi.
So he didn't have the luxury of taking Izumi seriously
“I want to walk the same path as the person I love ....... Is it wrong to think so?
I think I understand Izumi's feelings when she said that and left.
But I can't respond.
“Hey, Itachi.”
What is it?”
“If ....... What if... If you had not become a Shinobi, what do you think you would have become, Itachi-kun?
I never thought about it.
Itachi was born to Shinobi parents.
Itachi was born to Shinobi parents, and he had no doubts about becoming a Shinobi himself.
And Itachi had no doubts about becoming a Shinobi himself.
That is why I could not think of any other path than being a Shinobi.
“I see. ......”
I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.
I heard that you joined the dark side.
You heard?
No one in the village knows about it.
The dark side is a highly secretive department.
The Shinobi who belonged to it were also required by their village to keep their identities as secret as possible.
Itachi's appointment to the Dark Department has already spread throughout the village. ......
The strength of the clan's unity may sound good, but is it really safe for information to leak out this far?　What will happen if the people in the village hear the words "coup d'etat" being spoken so easily?
“Hey, Itachi-kun.”
Izumi's voice brought Itachi back to reality.
I'm scared.
Scared of what?
I feel like you're getting farther and farther away from me. ......
I suddenly felt a shock in my chest.
Izumi's head is under my neck.
“Y-yes, Izumi. ......”
“I'm sorry, Weasel. But let me stay like this for a while longer.”
Itachi couldn't help himself and waited for Izumi to calm down.
Itachi waited for Izumi to calm down. "Wow, we are only eleven years old. And yet, Itachi-kun is already ....... Hey, where are you going, Itachi?
He's not going anywhere.
Maybe ......
The last word was bottled up by Weasel.
It's a bit anticlimactic, isn't it?
The fox-faced man said to Weasel, who stood by the modest door. 
The fox-faced man stood opposite Weasel, across the door from him.
The weasel remains silent, and the man says coolly
It's not always dangerous to be in the dark. The protection of the Fire Shadow is also a worthy mission.
“I understand.”
Itachi replied matter-of-factly.
His face was covered with a fox mask, as was the man's.
The man's mask has slanted eyes, while Itachi has round holes where his eyes are.
The name of the man with the slanted eyes is Hatake Kakashi.
He is the captain of the Black Ops team and Itachi's immediate superior.
He is only about twenty years old, but he has been a member of the elite of his village for eight years.
He is capable and trusted by the Fire Shadow.
Itachi has known about this man for a long time.
At the time of Tenma's death: ......
It was this scarecrow who came to his rescue.
If Kakashi had shown up earlier, Tenma might not have died.
Shinobi only value reality and results.
The fact that Tenma was dead was a fact that could not be overturned. It's too late now.
Itachi has no intention of thinking about such "what ifs" and harboring a grudge.
“Have you learned the basic tactics of the dark side?”
The scarecrow asked a safe question.
He was a good boss, considerate of the feelings of his new, young subordinate.
“Kill your friends.
It was a word that those who spoke ill of the scarecrow always used.
Itachi had heard it a few times since he joined the dark side.
But they were all said by those who were older than Kakashi and who were under his command.
Nothing but slander based on envy and jealousy.
“Captain Scarecrow will kill his comrades to accomplish his mission. ......
The faces of those who vilified him were always ugly.
In fact, even now, they were concerned about Itachi, who had only been in the dark for a short time, and were trying their best to find a way to talk to him.
I've got it all down.
“That's very impressive.”
Itachi, who had read and reread books on Shinobi platoon operations, found the tactical systems unique to the dark side very interesting.
Forman cells, three-man cells, two-man cells.
Even how to handle oneself alone.
In every situation that a Shinobi would encounter on a mission, it would always be a practical tactic to seek out possibilities to accomplish the mission from an offensive position.
Diversions, distractions, defensive formations, and even coordination were all focused on defeating the enemy and accomplishing the mission.
Driven by his intellectual curiosity, Itachi read through the thick tactical book dedicated to the dark side in one night.
Itachi was so intellectually curious that he read through a thick tactical book on the dark side in one night.
“What are you talking about, youngest graduate?”
When I graduated, we were in the midst of the Great War and Shinobi were needed at all costs, so the situation was different.
If you say that, the ninja school system is different now than it was when Itachi graduated.
When Itachi graduated, there were still remnants of the Great War.
This is the reason why you can skip classes and graduate early if your skills are recognized.
However, now that peace has come to Japan, it is no longer possible for a Shinobi to graduate in a short period of time as it was in the past, due to the will of the Hikage that Shinobi must be carefully nurtured over a long period of time.
As a result, no matter how talented Sasuke was, he would not be able to become a Shinobi until he reached the age of eleven.
'It's just in my head. "It's only in my head. I can't say I've learned it until I actually try to move with my friends.
You will be fine.”
Kakashi said as if he had seen it all before.
He said it as if he had seen it all before, without any irresponsibility due to excessive expectations, carelessness or pride.
It was a very natural tone.
That's why it was so strangely convincing.
I hope that this place of darkness will be a proud one for you.
Thank you, sir.”
A trusted boss: ......
There was something about the scarecrow that made him think that.
No matter how many times I come here, I can't get enough of this place: ......
Itachi took a deep breath through his nose in the hot air of the shrine.
The surrounding area was filled with his clan's compatriots.
It is a regular meeting.
There was also the appearance of Izumi, who had become a lowly ninja.
Itachi, the younger of the two, was seated at the bottom.
Itachi, the younger of the two, was seated at the bottom of the table, and Izumi, who was the same age, was seated in the same row, separated from the others by a few people.
I'm not sure if it's the heat of the moment or the pressure of the moment, but his face is down and he's not moving.
I wanted to call out to him, but despite the heat, there was a silent pressure in the quiet hall that did not allow for any rash action.
“Shall we begin then?”
My father, who was seated in the front row, stood up and turned his body toward everyone.
Everyone gasped and waited for my father's words.
The scene was like that of a guru and his followers in some kind of religion.
A leader who bears the grudge of his family ......
This was the dark face of Fugaku, Itachi's father.
It has been officially decided that my son, Itachi, will be joining the dark side. He has already begun to perform his duties as a member of the dark side.”
A quiet cheer echoed through the shrine.
Itachi is now officially a member of the Dark Forces. We will now not only receive from the village, but also investigate from here.
It is not my father who will do this.
“Weasel.”
The father called out the son's name.
Weasel stood up without making a sound and waited there for his father to speak.
“Have you noticed anything since joining the Dark Side?”
The question was so vague that it confused Itachi.
The people in the village were prejudiced against the family and did not like them.
That was the kind of answer his father wanted.
In fact, his fellow members of the dark side do not welcome him to join their ranks, and some of them even harass him for the sake of it.
However, it could not be said that this was done only because he was a member of our clan.
The young age of the weasel, eleven years old, is one of the reasons why they are so irritated.
It is true that the people of the village are wary of our clan and do not take kindly to us.
“Yes!”
It is true that the people of the village are wary of our clan and do not take kindly to us.
“But ......”
Itachi continued, adding weight to his voice to discourage rash comments.
I don't feel an active aversion to persecute the clan because of that. I think their feelings are just the kind of envy and jealousy that everyone has.”
Only the right eyebrow of my father, who was listening with his arms crossed, quivered and lifted.
You say that envy and jealousy can come together to form a big emotional swell.
As if in agreement with my father's words, my compatriots began to rustle.
As if to break through the crowd of voices, Itachi spat out the words with all the strength he could muster in the pit of his stomach.
If you continue to make backward predictions like this, everything will be reduced to a negative phenomenon!
A man stood up in front of the father, who stared at his son in silence.
I am Yashiro, my father's confidant.
“Hey, Itachi!
Yashiro called out, his narrow eyes filled with murderous intent.
Itachi remained silent, staring at his father's confidant.
Itachi continued to stare at his father's beloved, "You're so supportive of your village. Who's side are you on, the village or the clan?　I wonder if your judgment has been impaired by your own selfishness since you joined the dark forces.
You shouldn't use words to frame things. ......
What?
The enemy ....... Friend ....... When you use words to distinguish between things, you can't see what's really going on.
You have to step into places you don't have to step into.
“I don't have time for incomprehensible questions and answers. Whose side are you on?　We are the weasels!
Yashiro's shout of anger silenced the shrine.
“It's obvious, isn't it ......?”
Itachi continued to glare at his father's belly.
I am a member of my family.
Do you have a minute?”
On the way home from the meeting, Itachi was walking away from his father when he was stopped by Shisui.
The father, suspicious of his son's stoppage, turned around and noticed his best friend.
What is it, Shisui?
“I just wanted to talk to your son for a minute. ......”
Fugaku looked alternately at Shisui and Weasel.
“Don't be too late.”
I'm not sure if you've seen this before.
“Shisui ......”
Once they were alone, Itachi called out his friend's name.
I know exactly how you feel.
I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one who's had a bad experience.
Yashiro is a leading proponent of the coup. I'm sure you've heard of him.
The rhetoric that he had just hurled at me was still ringing in my ears.
Itachi turned his face away from the image of Yashiro in his mind.
It's a good thing I'm not the only one.
What do you mean?
What do you mean? - I've spoken directly to the Hokage-sama and have been authorized to investigate the family's affairs on my own.
What exactly do you mean by investigating the family's affairs?
Itachi was puzzled by the words he didn't understand right away, and Shisui opened his mouth as if he knew what he was talking about.
I have left my normal duties to prevent the clan from becoming any more disturbed. The clan's discontent will explode. In order to prevent that from happening, I was given the assurance that I could take action at my own discretion, and I was given a position in the dark side. However, this is only in name, and I am under the direct control of the Hokage-sama. I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one who's had a bad experience.
You don't mean to tell me you're going to ......
Don't worry, I didn't say anything about a coup.
If the village knew about the family conspiracy, it was obvious that they would not be able to keep each other in check as they were now.
Itachi, you will continue to fight from within the organization of the dark side, and I will continue to fight to stop the outburst of the clan from my position as a shinobi under the direct control of the Fire Shadow-sama.
I will not forget my promise to you, no matter what.”
Shisui held out his fist.
Itachi thrusts out his fist as well.
Itachi also thrusts his fist in the air, "We must stop this coup at all costs.
Itachi nodded in agreement with Shisui's strong voice.
Itachi nodded in agreement.
A scene he didn't want to believe was unfolding in front of him.
In a windowless room in the basement of a building given to the dark side, there were monitors set up all over the place.
What was on the screen was a familiar scene to Itachi.
This is the first time that I've ever seen such a thing. The upper echelons of the village suspected the involvement of the Uchiha clan.
Itachi listened to Kakashi, who was standing next to him, while looking at the monitor.
The upper echelons of the village had had enough of isolating the clan's settlements at the edge of the village and began a complete 24-hour surveillance of the settlements by the dark side.
Is that what this room is for?
Yes.
There are numerous buttons and levers in front of the monitor that are being used by members of the dark cell to control the screen.
Even though they wore masks and their expressions were not visible, I could see their relaxed faces.
That's how relaxed they are.
No wonder.
For them, it's just a monotonous task of staring at a monitor.
They don't even care how serious it is for our clan.
Were we all being watched?
You don't have to go to ...... to find out about this.
I know, I know. We'll never tell the family.
You can't say that.
The anger of the fathers would be even more intense if they knew that every corner of the village was being monitored 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
It would only give them more material to work with when they were screaming about a coup.
Itachi was sent by his father to spy on the dark side of the village.
If he is to fulfill his role faithfully, he should inform his family of this fact at once.
By giving up telling, Weasel has also given up being a spy for his family.
“You will be on watch here for the rest of the day.
“You mean I'm supposed to spy on my clan mates?”
The monkey-faced man, who had been sitting in front of the monitor listening to the exchange between Kakashi and Itachi, suddenly stood up.
I don't care if you're one of them or not, a mission is a mission. Your clan brought in the Nine-Tails. That's why you're being watched like this. Accept the reality, newcomer.”
“Kou?”
Kakashi called out the monkey mask's name as if to discourage him.
Then the other colleague sitting next to Ko turned his chair around and faced Kakashi.
It was the face of a cat with a round face.
This guy's sister was killed by the Nine-Tails, you know. We don't have a good impression of the clan.
“Don't put your personal feelings into the mission.”
When the scarecrow said this, Ko approached him with a sullen expression.
“I know, I'm sorry.”
I know, I'm sorry." He bowed his head and walked past the scarecrow.
He walked past him.
The round-faced cat-face followed Ko, who grumbled.
“Oh, here they come.”
Kakashi looked at the door through which they had disappeared and said.
“Take him with you.”
The one standing in front of the door was Sugaru, the shinobi that had been with Danzo.
It had been over four hours since the scarecrow had left.
Sugaru had not spoken a word.
Itachi, who was never good at casual conversation, didn't mind the silence.
The only thing that passed was the time they spent staring at the monitor together.
It was by chance that I found it.
Even though it was a mission, Weasel's blood was not frozen to the point where he could calmly monitor the lives of his compatriots.
He switched between the images from the surveillance cameras as often as he could, trying to stay in one place as much as possible, and kept the screen in front of him changing.
In this way, I managed to maintain a sense of normalcy as I watched the sequence of moments.
Itachi, who has been trained to memorize scenes with just one glance, is proud of the fact that this act alone is enough to fulfill his duties.
Itachi stopped his hand when he felt a slight discomfort in one of these fragments of a moment.
A view of Minamigano Shrine from the torii gate
A stone-paved passage stretches straight from the stone torii gate to the shrine building.
It looked to Itachi as if the space right in the middle of the torii and the shrine had been slightly distorted.
It was only a momentary incident.
The scenery on the monitor had already regained its silence.
It was a slight disturbance that Sugaru probably hadn't noticed.
If anyone else had seen it, they would have thought the camera was shaken by the wind.
But Weasel was familiar with the disturbance in the scenery.
The scenery near the center of the cobblestone pavement was in a whirling pattern around a point.
It was as if the surrounding space was being sucked into that one point.
The masked man......
In the event that you have any questions regarding where and the best way to get in touch with us, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Why is that man ......?”
Itachi muttered absently, then regretted it when he realized Sugaru's presence.
Sugaru was staring at the monitor in front of him.
Regretting his inexperience, Itachi once again dived into the sea of thoughts.
At the time of Tenma's death, Itachi had clearly seen the man's eyes glowing behind the mask.
A black dot appeared in the center of the crimson eye, and three gravitational beads appeared in concentric circles.
It's true that the man's right eye was a Sharin-eye.
That means he's a member of the Uchiha clan.
More than three years have passed since that incident.
Even now, sometimes the scene of Tenma's death comes back to my mind.
Tenma had died with a look of horror on his face, as if he didn't understand what had happened.
At that time, Itachi was astonished at the overwhelming difference in power between the masked man and himself.
Itachi was disappointed with his own powerlessness, and then he opened his Sharin-eye.
In other words, the man in the mask is the man who awakened Itachi as a true Uchiha Shinobi.
Revenge of a colleague, or a benefactor?
He felt a strange connection to the masked man.
For the past three years, Itachi has dreamed of the man's true identity on numerous occasions.
He had always suspected that he was a member of the family, but today he was convinced.
The blurring of the images is due to the man in the mask.
And that man appeared at the Nanga-no Shrine.
And the Sharin-eye that shone behind the mask on the day Tenma died.
All of this points to our clan.
So who exactly is the clan?
In the three years since then, Itachi has come into contact with all the men of the clan living in his village.
There is no one in the clan who possesses the same kind of space manipulation ninjutsu as that man.
Nor was there anyone who possessed the same quality of voice or presence as that man.
And most importantly, Itachi himself had a hunch that the man was not from his village.
So who is it?
Our clan has lived in the village since the founding of Kinoha.
I've never heard of anyone other than the Uchiha clan possessing the Sharin-gan.
There are a few exceptions, such as Hatakeru Kakashi, but that is only within the Kinoha.
It would be a matter of national importance if the precious inheritance limits of the Sharin-eye and Shiro-eye were to leak out of the village.
There is no reason why they should not have been recorded in the village records.
So far, there was no mention of Sharin-gan leaking out to other villages.
With that in mind, our choices naturally narrowed down.
The first option is the possibility that the Uchiha clan, thought to have died in the war, is still alive and became the masked man.
During the war, it was a rule that if a member of the Uchiha clan was killed in battle, the Sharin-gan would always be brought back by another Shinobi.
So there is no possibility that it was taken from the corpse.
If that were the case, then it would be more appropriate to assume that those who were thought to be dead were still alive, and had entered the village with the Mirror Eye.
The second option is the possibility that the masked man is the one who left the clan before.
This is even less likely than the first option.
This is less likely than the first option, because since the founding of the Kinoba, there has only been one Shinobi who has left the clan and left his village.
Uchiha Madara: ......
He is the man who founded the village of Kinoyagakure with Hashirama of the Senju clan.
He left the village and died fighting Hashirama in what is now known as the Valley of the End.
It is impossible for a dead man to be alive.
The second option should have been discarded at that point.
But Itachi couldn't help but remember this second option.
At that time, the overwhelming chakra and presence of the masked man that Itachi had actually felt firsthand was stronger than any Shinobi he had ever encountered.
If a Shinobi of that caliber had died during the Great War, it would have been recorded in history.
However, nowhere in any of the accounts of the Great War is there any mention of the death of such a capable Uchiha Shinobi.
Then ......
Itachi was more convinced that Madara was still alive.
“...... Tachi.”
In the distance, he heard someone's voice.
“Weasel!”
It's a good thing that you're not the only one.
“It's time for your shift.”
“Ah, .......”
Weasel replies vaguely.
Weasel is lost in thought, but his fingertips continue to press buttons.
The monitor, which he hadn't seen at all while looking at it, kept changing its view.
“Are you okay?”
“What are you talking about?”
Sugaru's question is answered with a question.
....... There's nothing to tell.”
Sugaru didn't say another word.
It had been almost two months since he had joined the dark side.
But the days are still as monotonous as ever.
His main duties were guarding the office of the Fire Shadow and training with his friends, and he had yet to be assigned any mission that would put his life in danger.
“If assassinations and important missions are so frequent, the village will never be at peace. The fact that we're bored like this is proof of peace.
Kakashi smiled for吞 a moment.
The village is at peace. ......
So why, Itachi thinks.
The village is supposed to be peaceful, but why is my mind in such turmoil?
Why do I feel so rushed?
It's the clan's fault.
In the shadow of the village's peace, our people want a revolution.
That was the source of the disturbance in Weasel's mind.
The coup d'etat must be prevented at all costs.
But I couldn't find a concrete way to do that.
Even if I said that I would work together with Shisui, even if the two of us stood side by side with our hands outstretched, the impulses of the clan would not be able to be controlled.
The fact that they can't find a way out of it makes the weasels impatient.
“Gahhahaha!”
A loud, tearing voice pierced the ears of Itachi on his way home from a mission.
Itachi stopped in his tracks and saw a little park in front of him.
It was already too late to call it evening.
The sun had long since set in the west, and the area was beginning to be enveloped in darkness.
The boy who must have laughed earlier was standing on a swing.
In the direction he was looking, there were three figures running towards him.
They were probably his friends.
You guys are no match for this Uzumaki Naruto-sama!
The boy on the trapeze shouted.
The shadows left without looking back at him, talking about something to each other.
I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
What he just said was, for all intents and purposes, bravado.
Itachi knew it from the moment the boy said his name.
The name Uzumaki Naruto is known to no one in the village.
The boy in front of him was involved in the Nine-Tails Incident that terrorized the people of his village.
A child with a nine-tail in his body.
When he walks down the street, everyone hides their voices.
The only person who didn't know that he had the Nine Tails in his body was
I'm not sure what to do.
It's not that I don't like him.
He is the only one who doesn't know that his parents are dead.
His parents are no longer with us.
There is no one to give him free love.
Itachi somehow found his way to the park.
He walked quietly towards the swing set, which was swinging feebly.
He sat down next to Naruto, who was lying on the ground.
I'm not sure what to say.
I'm sure you'll be able to understand what I mean.
I'm not sure if you've seen this before, but I'm sure you've.
You scared the shit out of me.
I'm sorry.
I mean, who are you?”
Naruto rolls his eyes and stares at you.
Itachi was swinging and looking straight ahead.
I don't care who I am.
My mom says I shouldn't talk to strangers. ......
You're not here.”
I'm sure you're not the only one.
I'm sure you're not the only one.
I'm sure you've heard of him.
“Uzumaki Naruto is a famous prankster.”
Am I that famous?
In a way, yeah.
“Hehehe ......”
Naruto smiles happily, not understanding Itachi's sarcasm.
“My friends are running away!”
I'm not going to let them get away with it.
I'm not sure what to do.
I'm sure you're not the only one.
Everyone knows who Naruto really is.
The Nine-Tails incident still left a deep scar on the village.
The Uchiha clan, suspected of manipulating the nine-tailed monster, has not been able to escape the effects of the incident.
Itachi himself has been slandered many times by this incident, which he does not remember.
There's probably no one in this village who would take seriously a boy who has the source of it in his body.
In other words, Naruto is the biggest victim of the Nine-Tails Incident.
Itachi doesn't know how the nine-tails were sealed in Naruto's body.
But I don't think he has the nerve to seal a piece of evil into a young baby.
I wonder if he had any idea what kind of persecution the child would suffer if he did so.
The details of the Nine-Tails Incident are top secret in our village.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm not sure what to make of this.
By deliberately creating darkness, they hide their own darkness. ......
And now, Itachi was a part of the darkness in his village.
The dark part is the true darkness of the village.
Big brother!
I'm sure you're right.
I'm not sure what to do.
I'm sure you'll be fine.
I'm fine.
I'm glad to hear that.”
I'm glad you're okay." Naruto looks up at me worriedly.
It's time to go home.
No one will be home when you get home. ......
I'm sure you've heard of it.
“Well, I'm going home.”
“What?”
I'm not sure if this is a good idea or not.
“Good luck.”
You can find a lot of people who are interested in this.
But Naruto seemed to be happy and rubbed his nose with his finger while laughing out loud.
He then jumped off the swing set and stood up straight, pointing his index finger at Itachi.
My name is Naruto Uzumaki!　I'm the man who will one day become the Fire Shadow!
So you're a fire shadow. ......
A fire was lit in Itachi's chest.
Even though he bears the darkness of his village on his shoulders, this boy has not given up on his own destiny.
He doesn't hate his village, he doesn't hate anyone, and he believes in his dream with straight eyes.
“I hope I can become one.”
I'm sure I'll become one. I'm sure you will.
Itachi replied with a smile and turned his back on Naruto and started walking.
The sky was full of shining stars.
Danzo called me.
He sits in his chair with a scowl on his face.
I'm not sure what to make of this.
“How's the dark side?”
“I don't know yet.”
I don't know yet." "That's an honest opinion. You're going to have a lot of experiences that you can only have in the dark. Until then, keep your skills sharp.”
Danzo spoke as if he were the boss.
But Itachi is the dark side under the direct control of the Fire Shadow, and has nothing to do with Root.
In terms of professional relationship, Danzo and Itachi had nothing to do with each other.
“The reason I called you here today is simple.”
He was silent, nodding at Danzo's words.
I've heard that my family's village has been very strict with outsiders lately.
It is true that in recent months, the village has become more exclusive.
It was as if the village itself had taken on a will of its own when my father mentioned the word "coup d'etat.
“You've been attending the regular meetings, haven't you?”
Danzou asked directly.
Our clan is monitored 24 hours a day by the Ministry of the Dark.
It was only natural that Danzou would know about the meetings.
“Yes.”
Itachi, who had made up his mind that there was no point in hiding it, answered honestly.
Itachi answered honestly.
I'll be frank with you. I want you to inform me of the contents of the meeting.
Itachi was struck by a voice that held a certain amount of pressure.
If this continues, our family will be ruined. To stop this, I need your help.
Are you asking me to betray my family?
I am not betraying them. I'm not betraying them, I'm saving them.
Danzo propped his elbows on the desk and rested his chin on his crossed palms.
His left eye, like a deep, dark cave, shoots the weasel.
“Betrayal is an act of disadvantage to the betrayed. The act of informing him of the content of the meeting will prevent his clan from breaking out, and thus benefit the clan. Therefore, it is not betrayal.”
That's some clever rhetoric.
He may have been trying to dazzle them with his theories, but the weasel was not fooled.
No matter what the consequences for the family, telling Danzo about the meeting would be nothing but betrayal.
Danzo was wrong.
Weasel is not obsessed with the word "betrayal".
“I understand.”
I knew you'd say that, since you hate conflict more than anyone else.
I knew you would say that, because you hate conflict more than anyone else." The root master replied in a voice that did not show emotion.
I'm sorry, but Danzo is right.
Weasel has yet to come up with a concrete plan to prevent a coup d'etat.
It was at this time that Danzo's offer was irresistible.
With the help of Shisui, he would be able to gain the cooperation of the third generation of Hikage.
And Itachi's decision could be an opportunity to use Danzo's power.
By connecting him to the heart of the village, he would be able to prevent the clan from exploding.
I do not wish to deprive the clan of its dignity. I don't want to deprive the clan of its dignity, and I leave it to you to choose what information you bring to me.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, Weasel. The fate of the clan is in your hands.
Danzou's voice weighed heavily on my shoulders.
Itachi's resolve was not so weak that he could not bear the weight of it.
As if aware of his own heavy responsibility, he took a deep breath into the pit of his stomach.
I smelled blood. ......
I'm not sure if this is how it's going to turn out ......
Kakashi muttered next to Itachi who was holding his breath.
The captain, who had a black mask covering the lower half of his face, was no longer there.
He leapt off the cliff after him.
The bodies of his comrades were lying in the hollow he was aiming for.
The enemy I had killed was a Shinobi from a small nation, the Land of Frost.
This had happened just as they were about to form an alliance.
The Shinobi of the Frost Nation had suddenly turned on them in the midst of their mission to exchange letters of intent, specifying the final terms of the alliance that was to be concluded in ten days' time.
From the very beginning, the enemy had no desire for an alliance.
For every four Shinobi of Kinoha, there were ten opponents.
They were outnumbered.
The Shinobi of Kinoha, who had been entrusted to receive the letter, were killed in the blink of an eye.
The Shinobi of Kinoha who had been given the task of receiving the letter were killed in the blink of an eye. As soon as it is confirmed that negotiations have broken down, the enemy must be destroyed.
That was the mission that Itachi and the others had received.
In other words, they were told not to move until the situation was clear.
As a result, their initial response was delayed, and as a result, their allies were annihilated.
As soon as the Shinobi of the Frost Country showed up in a large group of ten, there was a good chance that the situation would break down.
If only the Dark One had jumped out at that point, perhaps none of his friends would have died.
But even if Itachi had been in Kakashi's position, he wouldn't have been able to move until all four of them were dead.
The scarecrow in front of him landed in the middle of the enemy.
His right hand had already pierced one of the enemies.
The blue lightning that gushed out wrapped around the captain's arm.
Chidori ...... is the technique that Kakashi is best at.
By the time the captain pulled out his right arm, Itachi had landed in the middle of the enemy.
There are two more members of the dark side.
One of them was Sugaru.
The other was a young Shinobi by the name of Tenzou.
He was a little younger than Kakashi.
But he had a long career in the dark side.
“The dark side of Kinoha!”
The moment the enemy shouted, a thick tree trunk twisted around the man's neck and strangled him like a snake.
It was so powerful that the man could not resist, and he died with his long tongue hanging from his lips.
This is the art of Tenzou.
The first Hikage, Hashirama, was the only one who could use this technique, but Tenzou was able to use it.
Another enemy said to Kakashi, "I see that Kinoha had no intention of forming an alliance with us from the start.”
Another enemy said to Kakashi.
Another enemy said to Kakashi, "You were the one who started it.”
Without waiting for a response, Chidori gutted the enemy.
Itachi heard a scream on his back.
I looked over my shoulder and saw the enemy holding his sword high in the air as he came at me.
He turned his whole body around.
The big sword was close to my brain.
I quickly raised my right arm.
I caught the enemy's right wrist gripping the hilt.
“Ah!”
“Give up!”
I tell him while grabbing his wrist.
The enemy, unable to even lower his large sword, stares at the weasel with cold sweat on his face.
“Shakurin-eye!
The enemy's body trembled violently once, and he completely lost his strength.
Like a puppet with a broken string, the enemy's head flutters in the air in front of Itachi as it tries to fall to the ground.
Behind the enemy, a ninja sword glinted.
Sugaru.
“Hikage-sama's mission is to destroy the enemy.”
Sugaru whispers in a voice only Itachi can hear.
He had read my intentions to stun him with the magic of the Sharingan.
There is no need to destroy the enemy.
Whether the messenger returns or not, this incident will soon be known to the Frost Nation.
If you want to retaliate, just let the men who killed the four go.
It would be more effective as a deterrent to the Frost Nation to let the others return alive to tell of the power of the tree leaves.
I understand.
Itachi said to Sugaru's back, who was already about to face a new enemy, and set his sights on the next target.
There are only four enemies left.
They've already lost the will to fight.
Sugaru's ninja sword flew off the head of a man who was slumped over and begging for his life.
It's not that I'm not a good person, I'm just not a good person.
I'm not sure what to say.
“Your lives will prevent that from happening.”
“Your lives will prevent that from happening." The scarecrow whispered softly and his arm pierced the enemy's dove tail.
“Itachi!”
Tenzou's voice.
Itachi's eyes caught the enemy as he came at him with a desperate look.
Itachi's eyes caught sight of the enemy, grasping his kunai with both hands and gritting his teeth.
The Land of Frost is small.
Even though there are no longer any major wars, there are still very few Shinobi in the country and the country's power is still immature, so even a child like this would be a sufficient fighting force.
“Ta-da!”
The cry of spiritedness was now a cry.
Weasel took the boy into his chest.
A sharp pain runs through his stomach.
The boy's kunai had been pierced.
The boy's thin arms were still wobbling when they touched Itachi's stomach.
Tears welled up in the boy's eyes as his fear overwhelmed him.
“Itachi!”
The scarecrow shouts.
“It's okay.”
The scarecrow and the others looked at Itachi from a distance as he answered calmly.
The boy's face, shaking slightly, slowly lifted up.
The tear-stained eyes catch Itachi's.
“Ahhhh... ......”
Fear leaks out in his voice.
You're a full-fledged Shinobi now, you know. Pull yourself together.”
He speaks softly to his enemy.
The boy is confused, frightened, and unsure of what to say.
He shook his head from side to side, desperately trying to turn away from reality.
He shakes his head from side to side, struggling to turn away from reality. You did not run away from me, so I will treat you as a full-fledged shinobi. ......”
He grasped the kunai with his back hand so that the boy could not see it.
It's not that I'm not a good person, it's just that I'm not a good person.
I gently pull the kunai from my stomach and step back.
Blood splashed from the boy's neck.
I will not accept any blood in return.
That is also a taste of being a Shinobi.
The young body fell into a pile of wreckage, with no friend or foe.
“This is also a battlefield. ......”
Itachi whispers in a voice that no one can hear.
Itachi asks himself
Itachi asks himself, "Am I really getting closer to my dream?
This is the first time I've been able to do this. The days of her childhood, when she had wished with all her heart to become a better Shinobi than anyone else, were already far away, and the fences that clung to her whole body were trying to fit Itachi into the frame of "just another Shinobi.
I want to leave my village, my clan, and the dark side behind and be free. ......
I know that this is something that cannot be allowed.
I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's worth it.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it. I would like to set a date for the most important event at the next meeting. In the meantime, I'd like you all to put together your ideas. If you have any ideas, you are always welcome to come up with them. Just be sure to watch out for the eyes of the people in your village.
After my father's words, my compatriots relaxed for a moment.
They were relaxed in anticipation of the end of the meeting.
However, this was broken by the tense voice of Yashiro.
“Is Itachi there?”
Itachi was disgusted by the voice calling out to him.
“Itachi!”
Weasel didn't answer, but the annoyed voice followed him.
I'm here.”
He sat up heavily.
Yashiro did not reprimand Itachi for his attitude, but simply gave him a cruel look.
“You were at the breakdown of negotiations with the Frost Nation the other day, weren't you?
“............”
Answer me.
“A dark mission is not something to be discussed with outsiders.”
Are you serious?”
Yashiro's brow wrinkled deeply.
Itachi didn't answer, he just stared at the narrow eyes in front of him.
Itachi did not answer, he just stared at the narrow eyes in front of him, "What did you join the dark side for?”
“............”
It's to be close to the heart of the village, to get various information and report it to us.
Yashiro.
As if to help his silent son, the father called out the name of his beloved son.
Instead of answering his father, Yashiro continued to stare at Itachi.
What have you done for us since you joined the dark side?　We have never been told the secrets of our village by you.
We don't know, so we don't talk.
Are you sure that's all?
What do you mean?
A flicker of antipathy flickered in Itachi's eyes.
A man with long hair stood up next to Yashiro, who accepted it with a fearless smile.
My name is Inavi.
He is also my father's confidant.
You're betraying us, .......
“That's enough!”
My father shouted.
My father's bravado was so rare that Yashiro and Inavi were silent.
I'm sure you know what this is like for your family. I'm sure you're aware of what's going on with the family right now.
“............”
Yashiro sits down, looking unhappy.
I'm sure you'll understand.
“You sit down too, Weasel.”
My father glared at me.
“Weasel. ......”
The father whispers in a thin voice to his son, who continues to stand.
It was as if he was pleading with him.
“I'm sorry.”
The pain in his chest spilled out naturally.
My father is trying his best to keep everyone together.
I don't know why he's so despicable, trying to keep things together.
Is the framework of the family so important to him?
To Weasel, it seemed as if my father was at the mercy of the heat of the youth.
I don't understand. ......
Anyway, the next meeting will be the one that decides our path. It's an important meeting. I won't tolerate any absences, so please be prepared for that.”
The meeting ended with an unsettling atmosphere, and Itachi went home alone without making eye contact with anyone.
He didn't even see Shisui and Izumi.
Danzo looks down at Hiruzen as he puts his lips to the end of his cigarette.
The Fire Shadow's office
There was no one there but the two of them.
It's been six months since I joined the dark side. ......
Hilsen said, exhaling smoke.
“What are you talking about?”
“Don't play dumb. I'm talking about the man you've been eyeing.
“Hmm.”
Occasionally, Hilsen would say something far-fetched like this.
“He's doing his duty faithfully.”
I see.
You're not here to talk about him, are you?
He sees right through me.
It was unbearable for Danzou, who hated having his mind penetrated more than anyone else.
“Looks like we have a direct subordinate in the clan, Hilsen.”
I'm not sure what to make of that.
I'm not sure what to say.
I'm not sure what to make of that. I'm sure you're aware of that.
I'm not going to let you do that. I've only prepared the way for that.
A man who is also a Hokage, listening to the wishes of a mere Shinobi?
I have only taken into account the wishes of those who fear for their clan.
If we were to judge each and every one of them on their own merits, our village would not be able to survive.
You don't have to tell me that!
I don't need you to tell me that!" Hilsen shouted in frustration.
I don't need you to tell me that!　What the hell are you doing here today, Danzo?
It's time to stop torturing him. ......
Danzou chuckled in his mind and said something he had been thinking about for some time.
“Just as you have your own pawns in our clan, I would like you to have one in mine.”
“A pawn?
The moment he said "pawn", Hilsen looked blatantly disgusted. When he had finished, he looked at Danzo with the corners of his mouth slightly lifted.
“You want me to give the weasel to the root?
“I hadn't thought of that.
Don't be absurd.
I'm not stupid.
It's not that I'm not a fan of your work, but I'm not a fan of your work.
The wrinkles at the corners of his eyes deepened.
What are you thinking about?
“Why don't you promote Itachi to squad leader?”
He's only eleven.
The Dark Division's squad leader must be at least 13 years old. ...... I'm pretty sure there's a rule about that.
I'm sure you're aware of that.
I'm not sure if you've heard of it or not. It's a good idea to have a good sense of humor. That is why the minimum age for qualification is thirteen.
I'm sure you've heard of it. Itachi already has that ability.
That's not the point.
Age is powerless in the face of strength.
Danzou's strong stance made Hilsen shut down.
I'm not sure if protocol is that important to you, Hilsen. I'm not sure what to do. In addition to the fact that this is the first time that I've ever seen such a thing, it's also the first time that I've ever seen such a thing. If you are merely a shinobi of the dark side, you will not be able to escape the command of the squad leader. If you promote Itachi to squad leader, then you will be making him light.
“So you're saying that he won't be a member of the Root, but will be placed between you and me?
That's what I mean. In our clan, Itachi and Shisui have no equal in ability. If you bring them both in, it will not be difficult to prevent the clan from breaking out. I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I'm not the only one who can't help you.
But eleven years old is far too young to be a squad leader.
Hilsen is lost.
One more push: ......
“What about a twelve-year-old?”
The third Hikage did not answer.
I think that raising Itachi's official age by one year should be sufficient to handle the protocol.
Let me think about it a little longer.
I understand.”
Danzo is convinced.
I'm sure Hilsen will approve.
How's school?
Itachi quenched his thirst with a glass of cold juice as his brother sat on the bench.
“It's much more beneficial to train with your brother like this.”
Sasuke laughed, looking up at his brother as he clutched the can with both hands, water droplets smeared on it.
“It's much more beneficial to train with Shisui. ......
Itachi had said the same thing when he had just started ninja school.
Even after all this time, I realize how much brothers are alike.
When the mission was over early and Sasuke was home, I would accompany him on his training.
We don't usually get to spend much time together, so I try to make the most of it.
And now, spending time with Sasuke is the best way for Itachi to relax.
Sweating it out with his brother, he was able to escape the heaviness of everyday life.
How long has this been going on?
Whenever he sees Shisui these days, they talk about the future of the family.
It's been many years since we trained together.
Even when I talk to Izumi, I can't be mindless with her because I'm so focused on what's going on in her mind.
I knew that I was being overly cautious, but I couldn't help it.
In the end, the only time I was able to be myself without thinking was when I was accompanying my brother in his training.
“Is school boring?”
“Not really, but ......”
Sasuke stared into the mouth of the can and clammed up.
Somehow I know what my brother is thinking.
You're not getting along with your friends because your skills and ideas are so different.
Because Itachi himself was like that.
Because he could do everything better than others, his peers looked like children.
The way they thought and dealt with things was so young that they couldn't even talk to each other with equal values.
I vaguely suspected that Sasuke was the same way.
I had the feeling that my brother was just as clumsy at socializing as I was.
I'm not trying to be good at anything. I'm not going to try to be good at it, because they're totally terrible at ninjutsu and studying. ......
“What about Naruto?”
“What?”
I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but it's a good idea.
I'm sure you've heard of it.
Itachi himself was surprised.
I don't know why I said Naruto's name, even I don't know why I said it.
I'm sure you'll be able to understand why.
I'm not sure what to make of him. "He's a pain in the ass, and he's always poking at me.
“Does he come at you, Naruto?”
I don't really care about him, but he's always complaining about me.
If his brother's position in the school was the same as Itachi's while he was there, the other students would be keeping Sasuke at a distance.
Instead of taking a glance at Sasuke's abilities, no one really wants to be his friend.
However, Naruto says that he's going to come at Sasuke.
The image of him boldly proclaiming that he would become a Fire Shadow comes back to my mind.
He's a pathetic child with nine tails in his body and no one to take him seriously.
But he believes in his big dream and doesn't doubt it.
He was the complete opposite of his brother, Sasuke, in appearance, speech and everything else.
But when I dreamed of ...... the two of them standing side by side, it was strangely elegant.
I'm not sure what to make of it. Get along with him.
I can't get along with that guy.
I hope you can someday.”
He put his palm on his brother's head.
“Absolutely not!”
Sasuke closed his eyes tightly, wrinkled his nose and clenched his teeth.
Itachi couldn't help but laugh at the ridiculous expression on his face.
Itachi couldn't help but laugh as well.
The dusk, filled with warmth, passes peacefully.
Fugaku, seated with his arms folded, meditates, and opens his eyelids when he hears the sound of the shoji door opening.
It was his room.
He was sitting with his back against the wall on the right side of the room, looking to his right at the alcove on the upper floor.
I was sitting on my knees with my back against the wall on the right side of the room, looking to my right at the alcove in the upper room.
What do you want, father?
My too-good-to-be-true son didn't even try to mend his tone, which had recently become very cold, and didn't even try to come into the room.
Come in.”
When Fugaku urged him to come in, he finally crossed the threshold with a sense of disapproval.
He closed the sliding door behind him and sat down in front of his father.
I see you've been to the park with Sasuke.
“Yes.”
When he saw that they had returned home covered in sweat, he called out for them to finish bathing.
He was now sitting at the table talking to his mother.
I have to prepare for tomorrow's mission. Please be brief.
The son's face tensed up as he said this, clearly wary of his father.
No wonder.
They hadn't had a conversation in a while, and the only time they'd heard each other's voices was during their meetings.
They can't show their parents' faces in public.
It was only natural that the distance between them would grow as they continued to treat each other in such an impersonal manner.
“Don't be so formal.”
Fugaku smiled.
It was the best smile he could muster.
Normally, Fugaku rarely smiled.
As a captain of a security force and a leader of the young men of his clan, he knows not to show his emotions unnecessarily.
No. ......
When I think about it, I haven't smiled much since I was a little girl.
Come to think of it, when was the last time you saw your son smile?
I couldn't remember.
I feel a strange joy in my heart that I and my son look alike. ......
There was a difference between the pure joy of being a parent and the joy Fugaku felt now that his child looked like him.
I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's worth it.
He was delighted to see the resemblance between himself and the Shinobi who had created so many legends.
It was an emotion that was too distorted for a father to feel, seeing his son as an object of admiration.
And Fugaku was clearly aware of this feeling.
So, at times, Fugaku envies his son.
Not as a father, but as a man, he just couldn't accept the fact that he was losing.
That's why he is so cruel to the weasel.
It was a foolish thing for a parent to do.
However, Fugaku's pride as a Shinobi prevents him from honestly rejoicing in Itachi's success.
And such a son was about to be taken out of his hands. ......
How's the dark side of your job?”
Itachi looked at his father with a wary look on his face as he asked without losing his smile.
Itachi looked at him warily. "It's nothing as long as you practice what you've been doing every day since you graduated from the ninja school.
It was a very exemplary answer.
I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one who's not afraid to ask questions.
There are no Yashiro or Inavi here.”
He continued in a softer tone of voice.
I am your father and you are my son. I am your father, you are my son, and that is all that is in this room.
He is a bright boy.
That was all he said, and he seemed to have quickly understood his father's thoughts.
But that doesn't mean he's going to change his attitude to that of a five or six year old with only honest feelings.
I let my guard down a little, and that was the extent of my loosening up.
Even so, Itachi's eyes were much calmer than before.
It's no different than when I wasn't in the dark.
Aren't you supposed to do the hard work?
“Yes, we do. ......”
Then my son clammed up.
Then he looked down for a moment and looked his father straight in the eyes again.
“When you're in the dark side, you can't be lax.
“That's my boy.”
“That's my boy." I have always used these words when praising my son. Whenever I praise my son, I always use these words, but somehow, when I use these words, I feel as if I am taller than him. It's like I'm trying to keep my gifted child in my league.
“My child.
I feel like that.
I'm already talking about it. When I want to praise my son, my words come out before my thoughts. So.
“That's my boy.
and then a small, sharp thorn pricks my heart. And today, too, Fugaku felt a pain in his chest.
He spat out the words to shake off the itch around his pigeon tail
“Don't worry about what happened at the meeting.”
Huh?”
The father's words were met with a look of surprise from the son.
He was probably expecting to be reprimanded for his interaction with Yashiro and the others at the meeting.
The result of this betrayal took Itachi by surprise.
Not all members of the clan share the same views. Not everyone in the clan has the same ideas, and we don't want to force our ideas on you. I want you to be a man like a rock, who will go against the current and carry on with your life, rather than a stone being swept away by the current.
“Father, ......
“I will not bend my mind. If you don't agree with what Yashiro and the others have to say, you can argue your point of view fairly and squarely.
But there's an atmosphere in that meeting that doesn't allow for that.”
A sigh naturally escaped Fugaku's lips.
You are absolutely right. You're right. The young people are getting carried away by the heat and losing sight of themselves. They are trying to follow their noble thoughts and beliefs, even if it means eliminating those who don't agree with them.
“My father is .......”
The weasel clammed up.
What is it?　Speak up.
“Yes.”
The son spoke up, as if he had made up his mind.
“Do you have a different opinion of them, father?
No.”
He assured him.
I feel the same as they do. I feel the same way as they do, only I'm not young enough to be able to dismiss all different ideas.
I could see his disappointment clearly in his eyes.
“I see. ......”
The stone has already begun to roll.
There was nothing I could do about it now.
No, he wasn't going to do anything about it.
Determination was the only possibility left to the family.
But ...... I didn't want to force my son to follow me.
“You should be pure in your thoughts. "You must be pure in your thoughts, you must be lost and confused and find the answer. And when you find the answer, don't stray. Find the answer and be determined to follow through with it. That is determination.
“Decision: ......”
“That's right. There are few people in this world who live their lives making their own decisions. There are few people in this world who live their lives making their own decisions. Don't live like that. Make your own decisions and move on with your life.
Fugaku felt something hot behind his eyes.
Fugaku felt a burning sensation in the back of his eyes, and he tried hard to suppress it so that his son would not notice it.
I understand.”
Itachi let out a small exhalation and gave his father a passionate look.
I will not leave the decisions of my life to someone else.
That's why you're my son.”
For the first time in a long time, Fugaku was able to say these words honestly.
No pain in his chest.
I'm not sure what to say, but I'm going to say it.
In the main conference room of the Fire Shadow Residence, where the budget policy for the administration of the Village of Kinoyagakure is decided.
In addition to Hiruzen and Danzo, there were also Koharu and Homura, who were on the watch.
The basic policy was decided at this meeting, and based on that, Hiruzen adopted the official budget with the heads of the administrative bodies of the village.
This is the budget for the police force: ......
Looking away from the document in his hand, Hilsen looked at the other three.
What he was holding was a proposal from Danzo and the others.
I'm not sure what you mean by that.
I'm sure you'll be able to understand what I mean.
It has been seven years since the war ended. I'm not sure what to make of it. In addition, it has become customary for the dark side to investigate important and heinous crimes. The role of the police force is now limited. We don't need the same budget as before, do we?
“That said, isn't it too sudden to suddenly reduce the budget by 40 percent? This will have some impact on the personnel of the police force.
In the event that you have any questions regarding where and how to use the site, please do not hesitate to contact us.
The reconstruction from the attack of the nine-tailed beast is almost complete, and the construction of new facilities and wider roads are urgently needed. The ninja school, which has abolished the early graduation system, must be expanded soon. We can't afford to spend money on an organization that is shrinking.
I understand that. I know that, but if you're only looking out for the security forces, you're going to ......
It'll only fuel their frustration. I'm sorry.
Danzou spat out the words, taking full advantage of the opportunity, and continued to pontificate.
I'd like to ask you, is there any other department in this village that has seen a more pronounced reduction in duties than the police force?　The peace of the village and the expansion of the dark side's duties. The reason for the contraction is also clear. The security forces can do no more than maintain public order. And even then, it is doubtful that they are faithfully carrying out their duties due to the negative feelings of dissatisfaction with the village. I think it's just indulgence to secure the current budget for them.
“It's not pampering. It's protection.
Protection?　Why do we need to protect people who have no trouble working?
Because those who are prejudiced against the family, like you, are limiting their opportunities!
I'm not sure what to make of that.
Danzo could not suppress the smile on his face as he spoke to his old acquaintance, the third generation.
“Do you want to protect them because of your prejudice? ....... Isn't that exactly what you're doing, isolating and discriminating against them?
“What the hell, ......?”
Because there is a job opportunity called the police force, and the village has provided more than enough money, the members of our family refuse to have contact with outsiders and keep to themselves in the inner circle. Isn't it because you isolate them within the framework of the police force in the name of protection that they are able to nurture the seeds of dissatisfaction within themselves in this way?
The establishment and operation of the police force was the dying wish of the Second Master.
Don't you think that idea is old-fashioned?
Now that the war is over and the scars of the attack on the Nine-Tails are beginning to heal, what do you think of the need for change?
“No objection.”
Koharu voiced his agreement.
Homura nodded silently in agreement.
I've already made the necessary arrangements with them. The three of them were in agreement about the reduction of the budget for the security forces.
Hilsen is the only one who is out of the loop.
What if our family's discontent erupts?
“Isn't that why we use Shisui, to prevent that from happening?”
Danzou made a decisive move.
I'm not sure what to do.
“Isn't that why you removed a young Shinobi who cares about his family from his regular duties, gave him a nominal position, and even gave him the authority to make some decisions on his own?
“Thirty percent is .......”
Hilsen said in a faint voice.
A hard choice.
It's what we planned to do.
Danzo doesn't believe that a 40% reduction is feasible either.
He expected a reasonable line to be 30 percent.
“If we cut the budget by more than 30 percent, there will be an inevitable backlash from the security forces.”
I respect the decision of the Fire Shadow.”
Hiruzen made a blatantly disgusted face at Danzo's deliberate words.
Shisui called me to the cliff as usual.
It was already midnight.
The village and the village were asleep.
Still, the dark eyes that watch over the village are awake.
I had memorized the angle of view of all the surveillance cameras during my mission to monitor the clan.
He has already devised a route that allows him to move freely through the village, taking advantage of the small gaps between the cameras.
He had only told Shisui about the dark surveillance and blind spot routes.
Shisui was the only Shinobi he could trust.
She would never leak such information to anyone else.
Shisui must have used the blind spot route to reach the cliff.
There was no one who knew of their meeting.
Once through the village and away from the eyes of the security cameras, Itachi ran.
The waning moon was shining near mid-sky.
Under the twinkling stars that seemed to be falling, Itachi chose to run in the dark.
Suddenly, the forest cracked open and the cliff I was looking for appeared, and I saw a figure at the edge of the rough rock.
It stood with its back to the world, staring at the flow of the great river below the cliff.
Itachi rushed towards it and stopped behind it.
“Thanks for waiting.
I've just arrived too.
In the event that you have any questions regarding where and the best way to get in touch with us, please do not hesitate to contact us.
I'm not sure what to make of it.
I'm sure you'll be able to understand why.
“You look very tired.
I've been through a lot. ......