Tomorrow, Mukai Kohinata will take a vacation for the first time in a month
While being informed of the fact by Danzo Shimura's mouth, Itachi decided to make a decision.
Arrangements will be made immediately, and Shisui's mission schedule will be changed while Itachi and accompanying him.
It was due to the difference of Danzou
Itachi kills Shinobu who lives in the same village tomorrow ...
Even though he is a traitor, he is still a compatriot.
It ’s a friend of the village.
If you don't hesitate to kill such a man, you'll be a lie
But this was heavier and more important than any mission I had ever experienced in Itachi's shinobi life.
He can't refuse
Mukai was a traitor who communicated behind the scenes with the village of Kirihigaku and kept leaking important secrets from the village of Konohagakure.
"I'm ready!"
A cheerful voice broke Itachi's thoughts
"As I was told, I set up eight in all."
To his younger brother who laughed saying that
Return a smile
In the woods
Itachi was resting after tomorrow's mission decision
I am dating for training in the form of being begged by Sasuke
Sasuke hides the target with a double circle in the forested trees.
You can't see it from Itachi as one of the things
"Come on, brother"
Sasuke rushes with a bouncing voice, as if he can't hide his excitement
Nodding, Itachi grabbed the kunai in both hands
If you put one in the crotch of his fingers, it will be exactly eight.
Eight iron claws were popping out of his lightly grasped fist
Turn his face down and unify his spirit a little
And pour the chakra that has accumulated in the back of his belly into the back of his eyes.
Sharingan ……
The breath of the trees becomes noisy at once
In the pulsation of roaring life, I saw a small circular foreign body.
eight
Exhaling a small exhalation, Itachi kicked the ground lightly.
Invert his head and legs in the air
This is because if you turn your body upside down, your center of gravity will extend downward and your posture will be more stable.
Stabilization increases the accuracy of kunai control
Close his eyes and imagine the eight targets in his brain
There were two things that couldn't be reached from this place
The most troublesome thing is the target that is randomly rolled around the back of the huge rock in the front.
First of all, I threw the four of his left hand at once
Accurately punch out four targets in a relatively easy place
This time the two kunai that he holds from the thumb to the middle finger of his right hand
This also hits the target safely
The rest are two
Itachi's body is still in the air
It's been less than a second since I jumped up
Hold the one between your middle finger and ring finger to his left hand
One kunai on each side
Shake his arms and throw at the same time
I dared to overlap the two kunai orbits
The blades that collided in the void made a sharp metallic sound and flew away as if they were repelled by each other.
Landing
The Sharingan emits a crimson light
Beyond Itachi's gaze, which slowly stood up, there was a sign of his younger brother.
Sasuke, who was hiding behind a tree to avoid danger, pops out.
Itachi's arm, which pierced the center of all targets, seemed stunned.
With his mouth open, he's staring behind the rock in front of him.
There is the most troublesome target there
Of course it was also punched out
It is for this reason that the last two collided and changed the trajectory.
"Awesome brother! It's in the middle of the blind spot behind the rock !!"
Sasuke jumped out of the back of the tree
Kunai is held in his hands
Seeing his brother's arm, he seemed distracted and couldn't help it.
"Yeah ... I am!"
"... Sasuke, let's go home soon"
Sasuke, who was motivated and dynamic, suddenly stopped moving
His brother's face towards his brother was full of dissatisfaction
"You told me to teach you a new shuriken technique!"
I made a promise, but I think I've fulfilled my promise by showing it in front of me.
"Tomorrow I have a little important task and I'm ready for it."
It ’s mainly the preparation of the mind.
His younger brother turns his face away and sharpens his mouth
The cool eyes under his eyebrows were so distorted that he almost started crying.
"... My brother's liar"
He's not angry that he wasn't taught shuriken
I'm angry that the time I spent with his brother was interrupted.
If I can do it, I want to train with Sasuke to my heart's content
But tomorrow's mission wasn't easy enough to allow it
Itachi wants to cry too ...
Beckoning to his younger brother, who looks away at his brother with a grudge while turning his face away
My younger brother's face, which was cloudy, cleared up with joy.
Sasuke rushes to the forest with happy footsteps.
"Forgive Sasuke ... this time again"
While saying, sticking out his index finger, he hit Sasuke's forehead.
"Yeah!"
Sasuke, who was blocked from rushing, shouted a little while closing his eyes
The mouth looking up at my brother was tied to a letter
When he looks like this, Sasuke is always planning something.
"Look, brother!"
Sasuke holding his kunai with his hands crossed laughed invincibly
"To ――――――!"
Before Itachi stopped, Sasuke flew toward the target.
"Kora! If it's unreasonable ..."
In front of the screaming Weasel, Sasuke twisted his ankle and plunged into the ground from his head.
On the way home
Wearing Sasuke who injured his leg, he is walking toward our village in the village of Konohagakure.
Calm time goes by, feeling the warmth of his younger brother on his back
The sign of Sasuke on his back made a slight wave.
Itachi stopped and saw his brother over his shoulder
"What happened?"
"Here ... where my dad works"
"It's the headquarters of the Konohagakure police force."
Looking up at a huge circle-based concrete building, Itachi bluntly answered his brother's question.
"I've always been interested in it,
Why does the Uchiha clan's family crest appear on the mark of the police force? "
"What ... did you notice ..."
"of course!"
Sasuke's voice, which answers to stretch out, naturally makes his mouth flutter.
"Yeah ... Well, to put it simply, it seems that we were the predecessors of the clan who organized and established this police force, so we put our family crest on the symbol mark of this organization. Since ancient times, the Uchiha clan has kept the security of this village for a long time. Our family crest is also a proof of the proud clan. "
Itachi talks while avoiding difficult words as much as possible to satisfy his brother's desire to know something.
The younger brother silently listens to his brother's words.
"Now the Uchiha clan has become smaller, but almost everyone still belongs to the first squad here and contributes to maintaining the security of the village."
There are exceptions like Shisui
In the case of Shisui, I heard that there was a request from the ninjas of the village who highly evaluated the excellence.
Once in the police force, the number of interactions with outside ninjas is extremely reduced, and we are completely incorporated into the Uchiha clan.
Shisui was on the mission at the scene by the appeal of the ninjas of the village who were afraid of it.
But that wouldn't be an explanation to Sasuke, Itachi cut it off in his thoughts.
"Because only the better Shinobu can crack down on the crimes caused by Shinobu."
And ... only the better Shinobu can contain the conflict that Shinobu creates.
"Does your brother also enter here?"
The innocent question of his younger brother pierces Itachi's heart
not enter……
The real answer went deep into his throat
"Well ... how about ..."
I can't tell my younger brother even if my mouth is torn, such as entering the dark part for a clan who is dissatisfied with the village
Itachi had no choice but to muddy his words
"That's right!"
The younger brother, who knew nothing about the dark circumstances of adults, shouted in a carefree voice.
Its glittering purity tightens Itachi's chest
"When I grow up ... I'll join the police force !!"
Belonging to the police force as a brother and working hard on the mission
It's a dreamy day
However, such a day will never come ...
Itachi goes to the dark part
Even if he was in an environment to join the police force, he wasn't willing to accept it.
He has a dream to end the conflict in this world
The police force was too small to make the dream come true.
"My dad will come to the entrance ceremony tomorrow. It's the first step in my dream."
My brother's dream is to work as a shinobi in a police force with his brother ...
I was happy, but ...
That dream won't come true
"... That's right."
Itachi could only give a vague answer
When I reached the gate that shook my village and village, I suddenly noticed a sign near the wall.
"It was late ... what were you doing? I have a story from now on."
My father with his arms folded was watching Itachi
"I'll be back soon"
"Yes"
Nodding to Itachi who answered, his father begins to walk in front of him
Itachi moved his heavy legs while wearing his younger brother, trying to follow his straight steps toward the house.
When did it become so unpleasant to face my father?
I know the answer
But Itachi didn't want to admit the answer
Father's room
In front of Itachi and Sasuke sitting side by side, there is a figure of a father with his arms crossed.
"It looks like tomorrow."
Suddenly my father cut it out
Itachi remains silent and feels his chest beating violently
I knew the meaning of his father's words
He's referring to tomorrow's assassination of Mukai.
That makes his heartbeat faster
How much does my father know?
And who did he hear about his mission?
There is a vague answer to the latter question
If you ask, there can be no other than those who are close to Danzou
Why did Danzou leak mission information to his father?
Doubt raises suspicion and disturbs Itachi's chest
"Huh ... I'm a child ... I've come this far in just half a year since I was promoted to Nakanobu."
Itachi is silently looking at his father
Sasuke was looking at his brother with a worried look
"It's a special mission tomorrow, but ... I decided to follow along."
His chest rang the hardest of the day
However, the shaking of the heart of my younger brother sitting next to me was many times more intense than that.
His father is overwhelmed by the clan and forgets how important tomorrow is for his younger brother.
Anger at his father
"If this mission is successful, itachi ... Your enlistment in the dark part is almost unofficially decided."
The eyes of my father staring at his son who keeps silent are dyed red
"I know ..."
Only one person was allowed to accompany the assassination of Mukai
I had already told Danzou that Shisui would accompany him.
Not knowing that fact means that my father doesn't know the details of his mission.
Perhaps someone informed me only of the date of the mission.
He hates the village, but is at the mercy of the information that comes from the village
Such a father seemed irresistibly pathetic
A mission that requires the determination of death
There could be no one other than Sisui
Never allow my father's intervention
"You don't have to worry so much. More than that ..."
I saw Sasuke
You want to cry loudly right now, but your wise brother is laughing while killing his emotions.
"It's okay, brother ..."
I could hear the voice of my brother's heart
Itachi smiles and puts words in his eyes
"Tell me ... tomorrow is an important day for you, isn't it?"
Push his little back with his powerful gaze
"Dad ... tomorrow is my ..."
"Tomorrow's mission will be an important mission for the Uchiha clan!"
My brother's courage was shattered by his father's hard words, which only had his clan in mind.
And Sasuke turned his face down with a frozen expression, desperate to endure the tears.
Anger at his father exceeds the limit
Is the clan so important?
Do you care about your younger brother?
Only the future of the clan is visible in that eye
I don't think of my son trying to go on a deadly mission
Not to mention that my younger brother is not in my eyes
Why can you beat Konohagakure no Sato with such a narrow understanding?
I hated everything
"I will stop tomorrow's mission."
"!? What are you saying that you got lost !? You should know how important tomorrow is! What the hell are you saying !?"
"Tomorrow I will follow the entrance ceremony of Sasuke's Ninja School."
My father took a slight breath
For the first time, my father remembered his child's plans for tomorrow.
It's also irresistibly annoying ...
I was sad
"It is customary for relatives to attend the entrance ceremony of the Ninja School. There was also a notification ... Father."
The word abandoning a mission is serious
There is no lie in the words from the bottom of my heart
My father seemed to understand Itachi's seriousness.
After a slight silence, my dad exhaled a small sigh as if he was amazed.
"... I understand ... I'm going to the ninja school."
The father who stood up with that said started walking toward the table where his mother was waiting.
Itachi and Sasuke also leave the room and follow
Shishi-odoshi makes a dry sound in the garden
Itachi knew that my father would definitely attend Sasuke's entrance ceremony.
Enlisting in the dark part of his son is the first step towards achieving the clan's long-cherished wishes.
I can't shake it on a stick at Sasuke's entrance ceremony
I was seriously planning to attend Sasuke's entrance ceremony because I couldn't get my father to accompany me on a mission.
It's not a lie that I was disgusted with everything and that I was willing to go to ninja school
However, he did not give up on completing his mission with Shisui.
Entering the dark part is not a stepping stone to the achievement of the clan's long-cherished wishes
It's a small step towards achieving Itachi's dream of becoming the best shinobi in the world, to eliminate all conflicts.
He wasn't willing to give up
I used his younger brother for that ...
I'm disappointed with myself
Sasuke, who has decided to attend the entrance ceremony of his father but feels responsible for creating the terrible atmosphere of his brother and father, quietly follows Itachi.
Looking at his younger brother over his shoulder, Itachi hid his desire to blame and opened his mouth.
"Left foot ... cool it down properly"
Isn't your smile that laughed like that cramped?
"Yes……"
His younger brother answers with a complicated expression
Itachi couldn't find the words for Sasuke.
"It's no exaggeration to say that I'm alive for this guy."
In front of the breathtaking weasel, Mukai Kohinata said so and spewed cigarette smoke into the sky.
A silver bottle of liquor is held in the hand of the person who does not hold a cigarette.
Around the three glaring people, there were more than ten shinobi in the fog hiding.
He is already faint
All defeated by only two people, Itachi and Shisui
"Surrender quietly, Mukai Kohinata. Hokage-sama is tolerant of those who self-confess. They won't kill you."
Said Shisui standing next to Itachi
In his eyes, the three-way of the Sharingan is already floating.
Mukai smiled with an ironic smile, looking down not to see it.
"Speaking of a momentary sisui, it's a little known shinobi. Still, if he walks only in the sunny place, does he have that kind of feeling? Or ..."
Suddenly stopped, Mukai tilted the silver bottle
"Is it still a kid?"
Mukai laughs at Shisui with only his right eye wide open
That disdainful attitude creates wrinkles between Shisui's eyebrows.
"You know what I've done, so you know if you're allowed to do it yourself."
Flick his thumb to remove the ashes
"It's an honor for the two geniuses to be thugs while they're thrilling now."
I threw a cigarette into a portable ashtray taken out of his pocket
He puts a lid on a silver bottle and puts it in his vest pocket
"It's dangerous as it is"
The muttering mukai chakra has increased sharply
He returned his shadow alter ego.
At the same time as Mukai's chakras increased, Itachi dismantled his own shadow alter ego, who was watching Konohagakure Hospital.
"I think my son was angry at this time when he knew that the old man I was talking about was a shadow alter ego."
Mukai shook his head and stared at the two in front of him.
"I have to go home and make excuses."
He lowers his hips deeply and shows his peculiar stance of holding his palms at chest height.
"Why is Shinobu like you a spy?"
"There are a lot of things when it comes to ossans, and you have to get older to understand them. So when I talk to you guys, I can't understand half of them."
"What happens to my sick son if you die?"
"Because of all that, I can't die here, even if I killed you."
Countless muscles run around Mukai's left eye
"White eyes!"
By the time Itachi shouted, Sisui had already flown backwards in time.
"I can't control it, so please forgive me."
There was a mukai voice in Itachi's ear while he was still.
The time is closed at once
Right and left palms attack Itachi's throat and Hatoo at the same time at a tremendous speed
He stabbed his knives towards Hatoo into his belly and bent his index and middle fingers inside his body.
"Huh!"
Mukai's knife, which exhales with a sense of spirit, pulls out the weasel's intestines.
moment……
Itachi, whose belly was torn apart and stood up, turned into a plethora of crows.
Rather than avoiding the beak that attacks himself, Mukai surpassed as if nothing had happened with his sleek manners.
Shisui creeps behind it
"The art of fire and fireballs"
From the mouth of Shisui who quickly tied the mark, a ball of fire was spit out enough to swallow Mukai.
With the palm of his right hand in front of his face, Mukai faced the fireball.
Direct hit
no
The ball of fire broke in half in front of Mukai
It didn't look like something was done
That doesn't mean that you have a special feeling in your body.
In front of Mukai, the fireball itself looked like a weasel cracked by itself.
"Manipulating the soft fist that cuts off the enemy's chakra means knowing the flow well. The technique is a mass of chakra. If you can read the flow, it is not so difficult to break."
Mukai, who happily gives a lecture, rushes toward Shisui.
Shisui cloud his face
Even though Shisui himself has more than average physical skills, he is a Jiu-Jitsu user.
It's not a substitute for the level of physique
It couldn't be helped that his face became cloudy
Itachi has a bird's-eye view of all the developments so far.
Within the territory of the land of fire that left the village of Konohagakure and went north for about three hours
Three people are fighting in a small basin surrounded by small mountains
There were many places where each person could hide in the rocky mountain where no single plant grows.
Itachi lurks in the shade of an affordable rock and watches over the battle between the two.
Only the shadow alter ego was facing Mukai
Itachi has not left this place from the beginning
The other party is a soft fist user
It's too difficult to finish in close quarters
The game is decided by a blow from a long distance
Sharingan is a pupil technique
Put the chakra in your eyes and fit the opponent into the art
This means that he can fit his enemies if he is within reach of his line of sight.
Crossing of eyes does not happen only under consciousness
I think it's a casual view, and the enemy looks around
As long as the line of sight and the line of sight of the surgeon are exactly the same, it is possible to create a situation in which the lines of sight are crossed without the other person being aware of it.
Itachi was waiting for that moment
And for that reason, Sisui is struggling to align Mukai's posture with Itachi's line of sight while facing a dangerous close combat.
Once the Sharingan pupil technique was activated, the rest should have been somehow.
Once you have made a small break in Mukai's heart, you can use it as a clue to gradually erode the pupil technique.
The problem is the first blow
Experienced and the limit of blood passage where you can visually feel the flow of chakra
Mukai, the user of the "white eye", knows what the Sharingan looks like.
It was a strategy to break it.
Shisui, who hesitated at the last minute of Mukai's left thrust, turned his body back.
Mukai closes the gap just as an opportunity
Shisui flew backwards as if to turn over
At that moment, Mukai's face turned toward the shade of the rock where Itachi lurks.
However, the two visual axes have not yet intersected.
Mukai, looking at Shisui who landed, suddenly turned his face away.
The Sharingan was activated.
At last, the Sharingan of Shisui is a demonstration.
The place where Mukai turned away was the direction of the rock shelter where Itachi lurks.
Itachi's line of sight, which sharpens his consciousness toward the enemy, and Mukai's line of sight, which unconsciously captures the landscape, intersect ...
Should have been
Mukai suddenly kicked the ground and flew at the place where it was a single piece of paper
A tremendous leap
When it lands, it kicks another rock and jumps
This place was known
For the last moment, Mukai noticed the existence of a weasel with the ability of his white eyes.
Perhaps at that time he also found that he was activating the Sharingan.
Is it to confirm your intuition or to drag Itachi into the battlefield?
Anyway, Mukai jumps straight to the rock where Itachi lurks.
Itachi does not miss the laughter of Shisui standing behind it.
Shisui disappeared
The next thing that appeared was in front of Mukai
"Chi!"
Mukai, who struck his tongue, was knocked down by a rugged and steep rocky area.
Shisui's kick explodes on his face
His skull broke
What I saw in Itachi's eyes was a broken log.
"Is it a shadow alter ego!"
"That's it……"
Behind the weasel who shouted a little, I heard Mukai's voice
Posture of soft fist
"Bagua two palms"
Left and right palm bottoms that hit the belly continuously
"Bagua four palms"
I didn't have time to breathe, and this time four shots
"Bagua Hachisho"
As if to ridicule Itachi's thoughts seeking a clue to the counterattack, Mukai's continuous attacks mercilessly attack.
"Uoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
A sad voice was heard from the right side of Mukai
It's a blind spot of white eyes
At the edge of Itachi's field of vision, the figure of Shisui shooting a flying kick was shaking.
"Shisui ..."
I had time to mutter because Mukai was in a defensive position.
no
Easy to say defense
Mukai, who avoided his flying kick by simply tilting his face, grabbed Shisui's neck with his protruding left hand and hung it high.
Mukai supported the body of a strong young man with one arm
His strangled Shisui is struggling desperately
But his five fingers sunk into his throat are hard to get rid of
"What we do to overcome our weaknesses is" training ".
Covering the blind spot of the white eye that appeared on only one side with jujutsu was the first step in my training. Don't look too sweet on the Ossan, boys. "
"Mukai Kohinata ..."
Itachi unknowingly called the name of the mighty enemy in front of him.
That foot is stepping forward before I even know it
"What? Do you want me to kill you?"
It was a situation that would not be strange even if it was taken that way.
What kind of counterattack is left for Itachi now that he was shot by a soft fist and the flow of chakras in his body was interrupted?
Going forward without any measures is an act that cannot be complained even if it is judged to be barbaric.
But my feet don't stop moving forward
Even though I don't remember ordering, I walk straight toward Mukai
"If so, let's make it as easy as you want."
"Guu!"
Mukai put a lot of effort into his hand holding Shisui's neck
I'm going to crush his Adam's apple as it is
"Stop!"
The Sharingan shone in the eyes of the weasel who shouted
"I don't think such an outright illusion can lead to me."
Mukai who said turned away from Itachi
In front of him ... there was a close friend's face
"Kaleidoscope Sharingan ..."
Shisui whispered so
The friend's eyes, which turned crimson, had a different shape from any Sharingan that Itachi had ever seen.
The Sharingan has a small black dot drawn in the center of the pupil, and a magatama-shaped spot appears in the circle, which can be said to be the outer circle, in the state of a tomoe.
The power may change depending on the number of magatama, but this shape itself was common to all clans.
But that of Sisui is different
The three-way magatama grows huge and grows, and the small black dot in the center of the pupil disappears, forming a crimson cavity.
If the ratio of red to black in the normal Sharingan was about 8: 2, then that in the current Shisui's eyes was 5: 5 and antagonized.
Perhaps Sisui's line of sight and Mukai's line of sight intersected in less than a thousandth of a second.
It's just a moment to see if it can be captured by the normal Sharingan.
Shisui does not miss that moment
No doubt Mukai was in illusion ...
"Mukai!"
Shisui, who was released from restraint, shouted stunned
In front of him was Mukai, who collapsed with blood splashing from his belly.
Itachi is standing and looking at it
He slashed his belly himself
The moment Shisui activated the Sharingan, Mukai stiffened his body slightly, and when he took out the kunai from his bosom, he suddenly cut his belly into a single letter.
"Be firm!"
Sisui shouts while crouching down and holding Mukai's head
"I'm a spy from another village ... If my brain interferes, I've been treated to kill myself. I can't help anymore."
Blood spills from the mouth of a coughing mukai
"Oh, I've never seen a guy who fits into pupil art at that time ... What the hell is that?"
Shisui does not answer
"What is our secret technique ..."
Itachi called out to Mukai, caring for Shisui's mouth.
"Is there anything you want to say?"
"This is what happened ... Oh, what I did was decided by my own understanding ... It doesn't matter what the bride or kid is ..."
"Is betrayal a sin of oneself?"
"It's a good story about insects ..."
My trembling hands are looking for something in my pocket
Itachi pushed Mukai's finger away and took out what he wanted.
Pick a cigarette from his box and put it in Mukai's mouth
"Hi, fire ..."
This time Sisui took the lighter out of his pocket and lit the tip of the cigarette.
He took a cigarette, took a deep breath, and poured it to the bottom of his lungs, and Mukai exhaled smoke as he tasted it.
"It's like Shinobu's death ... I'll be waiting there first ..."
The palm with the cigarette between my fingers fell off, and Mukai stopped moving.
"It's over"
Shisui said, quivering with tiredness
Itachi silently replaced it with a nod answer
"It's the Sharingan just before ..."
"Can you keep silent to the people in the village?"
Shisui mutters while staring at Mukai's face
"Ahh"
"Kaleidoscope Sharingan ..."
The eyes of Shisui said again, and the pattern of the altered Sharingan was projected again.
"When the time comes, only you will tell me everything."
Itachi felt an irresistible charm to the unknown power that his friend had hidden in him.
"Is it a group ..."
Itachi was looking upright and immovable at Danzou, who muttered while looking down at the documents.
It is the room of Danzou in the mansion given to "Ne".
Sitting in front of an ebony desk, he leans his left elbow against his armrest, holding a document in his right hand and never looking at Itachi.
"The captain is Kakashi Hatake."
"Yes"
Itachi answered briefly
I've always been worried about the man standing next to Danzou.
A rooted person wearing a white tiger's face
There is no clear reason for what
But somehow, I was worried about the man
The eyes behind the round hole in the white surface are staring at the weasel from the front all the time.
For some reason, that sly gaze makes my heart flutter.
"That man is excellent"
Danzou told me to affirm
Kakashi Hatake ……
Shortly after Itachi became a shinobi, he had saved him.
On a mission to guard the daimyo of the land of fire, an unidentified man attacked and killed Tenma of the same team.
Itachi, who hadn't opened the Sharingan yet, was prepared to die due to the overwhelming difference in ability.
However, the man disappeared all the time, muttering the name of the scarecrow.
Needless to say, I don't know the exact reason why the man disappeared at that time.
However, it is true that the man muttered Kakashi's name and disappeared.
Is it because he is afraid of his power, or is there some other reason? Now there is no way to confirm.
"That man has darkness. That's the most important factor for the darkness."
darkness……
Do you have it?
Itachi asks himself
"Relieve me. You have enough darkness."
Danzou said, as if he had seen through his heart
Itachi, who has already been in contact with many times, is not so surprised.
If he has the ability to gain insight into the other person's feelings, it is possible to proactively give the answer to his thoughts with some speculation.
Danzou is just using that technology
"I prepared a transfer celebration"
With that said, Danzou leaves the material on the desk and stands up.
He put the ebony chair under a homogeneous desk, and he stood next to the tiger face and saw a weasel.
And when he put his hand on the man's shoulder, he smiled unusually cheerfully.
"I have decided to lend this man to the Ro team."
The root of Danzou is also a part of the dark part, but it was completely separated from the dark part under the direct control of the third Hokage in terms of command system and leadership.
Therefore, Itachi has heard that the two parties do not frequently exchange information or personnel in the dark area.
"Don't worry, I have Hilzen's permission, of course."
Danzou spit out a line that seemed to see through his heart again
Itachi doesn't like this proud word, no matter how many times he hears it
"First Memashite. Sugarto Shin Shimasu"
Suddenly the tiger's face spoke
It's hard to hear, with a rough, dry sound mixed in at the ends of his voice, perhaps because something is stuck in his throat.
"Sugar had a serious illness in his throat when he was young, and since then he has been unable to speak well."
"Speaking Rukotoga Necessary Na Mission Nadha Difficult Shiinodesuga, Other than Sole Nokotodesitara What Demo Yarimasu"
There was a sense of discomfort in the voice, but the tone was light.
He seems to have a friendly personality
"This guy can be used as his limbs."
"limbs?"
"Yes"
Sugar answered Itachi asking Danzou.
"I'm a rooted death. Danzou-sama's command is absolutely nano death. Dakara, Itachisanno limbs Ninareto command Salereba, Tatoe younger Deattemo, I Haanatanotameni life wo throwing death prepared death"
Sugar that is ironic and sarcastic
Itachi stares at Danzou without even smiling
"I can do it alone in the dark"
"Don't take it too important. It's just that Sugar was lent to the Ro team from the root. You don't even know the captain's Kakashi, such as the causal relationship with you. Unless you are aware of Sugar. That's fine, but Sugar always keeps you safe. "
"Is it safe? Do you say I'm being targeted by someone?"
"We are the first dark part, a little eleven years old. It's a title enough to get jealousy and jealousy."
Certainly, when I met the Ro group, I was baptized by his friends on the way to the training ground that was the venue.
It's not a direct hit, but endless kunai have fallen from the void.
It's a silent pressure that obstructs the way to the training ground.
Itachi walked through without avoiding or defending.
Kakashi, who noticed the actions of his friends, gave up, but no one really reflected on it.
"I'm buying you. I don't want you to die prematurely because of the jealousy of your friends."
"No matter who attacks ..."
"Don't lick Shinobu in the dark"
Danzou cuts off Itachi's words
"The closer we get to the center of the village, the more people aren't happy with us. It's not strange that there are people who try to kill you by pretending to be dead on duty. What do you think of the clan? "
"No way ..."
"I'm saying that there could be a rainy day."
Danzou nodded loudly to affirm Itachi's thoughts.
Itachi dies during a mission
Fathers suspect it is a plot of the villagers
Itachi's death will be a good detonator for those who are dissatisfied with the clan's position.
Itachi felt scared on his spine, thinking that his death could trigger a coup.
"You are already in a position of great responsibility to both the village and the Uchiha clan."
Leaving Sugar, turning around the desk and standing in front of Itachi, Danzou gently touched his shoulder.
"You have to be a bridge between the village and the clan, so live long, Itachi."
Danzou said something similar to his father
Konohagakure no Sato and Uchiha Clan ...
Is it a side-by-side existence?
There must be a clan among those who live in the village of Konohagakure.
Then, isn't the relationship that the two face each other unnatural in the first place? Why doesn't Konoha completely control the Uchiha clan?
Why are the clan's compatriots so dissatisfied with the village even though they are granted autonomy?
Existence that connects both
If you ask my dad, the pipe
If you ask Danzou, it's a bridge
Both are the same
"I will protect your life. Do your job as a dark part with peace of mind. Itachi Uchiha."
To Danzou who talks with satisfaction,
Itachi returns a small bow and leaves the room immediately
"It's been a while ..."
Izumi said with his face down
Itachi is in a small park in a clan village
It was the evening when the transfer to the dark part was completed successfully and the report to Danzou was completed.
When he stood at the entrance of the village, he met Izumi on his way home from his mission.
Instead of inviting them from either side, they naturally went to the park.
Izumi rides on a swing alone, and Itachi sits on the bench behind it.
"I'm sorry at that time."
"That time?"
When Itachi asks back,
Izumi turned his gaze over his shoulder while continuing to swing the swing.
"See, at the teahouse in the village ..."
I remembered
Izumi apologizes for he angry and jumping out of the store.
By the way, it was the first time since that time that we talked alone.
There have been many things since then, and Itachi didn't have time to think honestly about Izumi.
That's why I've completely forgotten what happened at the teahouse until now.
First of all, even if I apologize now, Itachi wasn't angry at all at that time, so it's not even a matter of forgiveness or forgiveness.
"I'm sorry"
"Why does Itachi apologize?"
"I didn't think Izumi was so worried."
"Fufu ..."
Peeling forward, Izumi started rowing a swing.
"what?"
"I think it's like Weasel"
Izumi said in a bright tone that seemed to be in a good mood
Itachi can't keep up with the sudden changes in feelings.
Itachi tries to change the topic, thinking that he is still out of tune as it is.
"How about your mission?"
"It's not a big deal compared to Itachi-kun."
Saying Izumi kicked the swing and flew in the air
As it is, make one turn forward and land cleanly
Izumi looked back with his thin hands spread to the left and right.
"It's used for some reason, such as taking care of the pet of the wife of the daimyo and helping to move the government office of the country of fire."
"Really……"
Itachi's mouth fell naturally
I was relieved to hear that Izumi had not experienced a dangerous mission.
I didn't deliberately look at the answer to the question of why I was relieved.
Itachi thinks he is still half-serving as a shinobi
So I couldn't afford to think seriously about Izumi.
"I want to walk the same path as my favorite person ... I wonder if I shouldn't think so"
I think I understand the feelings of Izumi who left after saying that
But he can't respond
"Hey Itachi-kun"
"what?"
"If .... If you weren't shinobi, what would Itachi be?"
"I have never thought about it"
Itachi was born to Shinobu's parents
And I had no doubt that I would be a shinobi
He also thinks that only Shinobi can have the power needed to fulfill his dream of eliminating the conflict of the world.
So he couldn't think of any other way than Shinobi
"Really……"
Izumi looked lonely
"You're in the dark"
"Did you hear?"
"No one knows in the village."
Akabe is a highly confidential department
Shinobu, who belongs to the village, was asked by the village not to reveal his identity as much as possible.
Itachi's inauguration of the dark part is already widespread in the village ...
Speaking of the strength of the clan's unity, it sounds good, but is it really okay because the information is leaked so far? What would you do if you easily spoke the word coup d'etat and asked the people in the village?
"Hey Itachi-kun"
Izumi's voice brings Itachi back to reality
"I'm scared"
"What?"
"I feel like Itachi is going farther and farther ..."
Suddenly I was shocked by his chest
Izumi's head is under his neck
"I, Izumi ..."
"Sorry, Itachi-kun. But let me stay a little longer."
Itachi couldn't do anything and waited for Izumi to settle down.
"Wow, we're only eleven years old ... And yet, Itachi-kun ... Hey, where is Itachi-kun going?"
"I won't go anywhere"
Maybe……
Itachi swallowed the last word
"Isn't it a little out of tune?"
A fox-faced man said to Itachi, who stands beside a simple door.
Standing in the opposite place to Itachi, like sandwiching the door
A man repeats cool words to Itachi who remains silent
"Just because it's a dark part, it's not always a dangerous mission. Guarding Hokage is also a good mission."
"I understand."
Itachi replied plainly
Its face is covered with a fox's face, like a man
While the man's face is a hanging eye, the hole made in the place where Itachi's eyes are is round
The name of the man wearing the hanging eyes is Kakashi Hatake
The captain of the Akabe group and the direct boss of Itachi.
He is only about 20 years old, but he has already belonged to the elite of the village, Akabe, for eight years.
Competent and trustworthy from Hokage
Itachi has known this man for a long time
When Tenma died ...
It was this Kakashi who came to help
If Kakashi had appeared earlier at that time, Tenma might not have died.
Shinobu values ​​only reality and results
The fact that Tenma died is an irreversible fact. Now that's it
Itachi has no intention of repeating grudges in consideration of "what if".
"Did you remember the basic tactics of the dark part?"
Kakashi asked a safe question
He is a good boss who cares about the feelings of his new young subordinates
"Killing friends"
It was a word that people who say bad things about Kakashi always say
Weasel also heard several times after entering the dark part
But it's all the words of those who are older than Kakashi and are content with his subordinates.
Nothing but slander due to defamation and jealousy
"Captain Kakashi also kills his companions to accomplish his mission ..."
The faces of those who cursed so badly were always ugly.
In fact, he is still in the dark, caring for the young weasel, and trying hard to find a clue to the conversation.
"It's all in my head."
"Just as expected"
For Itachi, who read a book about Shinobi's platoon operation, the tactical system peculiar to Akabe was very interesting.
Four Munsell, Three Munsell, Two Munsell
To the end, how to treat yourself alone
It covers practical tactics that always seek the possibility of performing a mission from an offensive position in all situations that Shinobu will encounter on a mission.
Everything was focused on destroying enemies and accomplishing missions, from demonstrations to disturbances to defensive formations and coordination.
Itachi was driven by intellectual curiosity and read through a thick tactical book specializing in dark areas overnight.
"I've never been called the best ninja school talent."
"What is the youngest graduate saying?"
"When I graduated, the situation was different because I was in the middle of the war and needed shinobi for everything."
Speaking of that, the current ninja school system is different from when Itachi graduated.
By the time Itachi graduated, there were still remnants of the war.
Therefore, if the ability was recognized, there was a skipping class and graduation was early.
However, now that peace has been reached, Shinobu cannot graduate in the short period of time as he used to, due to Hokage's will to take good care of him over many years.
As a result, Sasuke can't be shinobi until he's eleven, no matter how talented he is.
"It's just in my head. I can't say I remembered it unless I actually tried to move with my friends."
"You're okay"
Kakashi said as if he had seen
I don't feel any excessive expectations, carelessness or irresponsibility from pride in the sound.
He had a very natural tone
That's why it has a mysterious persuasive power
"I hope the dark space will be something you can be proud of."
"thank you"
Reliable boss ……
A man named Kakashi had something to make me think so
No matter how many times he comes, he doesn't like this place ...
Itachi took a deep breath through his nose in a shrine dominated by heat.
Filling the surroundings are the compatriots of his clan
It is a regular meeting
There was also the appearance of Izumi who became a shinobi
His young Itachi is in the lower seat
Izumi of the same year was also sitting in the same row, which was sent to several people.
Maybe he's under pressure from too much heat, he doesn't move with his face down
I want to call out, but contrary to the heat, there was silent pressure in the shrine that did not allow me to act lightly.
"Let's get started"
His father, who was sitting in the front row, stood up and turned to everyone.
Everyone is breathing and waiting for his father's words
The scene was like a guru and a believer of some religion.
A leader who carries the grudge of the clan on his own ...
That was the dark face of Itachi's father, Fugaku.
"My son, Itachi, has officially decided to join the dark part. He has already begun to perform his duties as a dark part."
Quiet cheers echoed throughout the shrine
"Now my family has a pipe that runs into the center of the village. From now on, I will not only receive it from the village, but also explore it from here."
It's not my father to do it
"Weasel"
His father called the name of his son
Itachi stood up silently and waited for his father's words on the spot.
"Have you noticed anything when you joined the dark part?"
Too vague question confuses Itachi
The villagers are prejudiced against the clan and are not happy
I think my father wants such an answer.
In fact, Akabe's friends do not welcome Itachi's enlistment, and some harass him.
However, it cannot be said unconditionally that it is done just because we are human beings of the clan.
The youth of Itachi, who is eleven years old, is also one of the factors that annoy them.
"It's true that the people of the village are wary of the Uchiha clan and aren't happy."
"That's it!"
Itachi, who spit out the words he gave to his father's answer, heard a sympathetic voice from the seat.
"However……"
Itachi continued while giving weight to the voice so as to suppress the careless Noji.
"That doesn't mean I have a positive dislike of persecuting the clan. I think their feelings are just like the envy and jealousy that everyone has."
Only my father's right eyebrow, listening with his arms crossed, quivered and hung up.
"You say that jealousy and jealousy can get together and become a big emotional swell."
His compatriots begin to make noise to agree with his father's words
Itachi spit out words with all his might in the bottom of his belly, as if to squeeze out the flock of voices.
"If you accumulate back-to-back predictions like that, anything will be reduced to a negative phenomenon!"
A man stood up to stand in front of his father, who stared at his son in silence.
My father's confidant, we are Yashiro
"Hey weasel"
Yashiro calls out to his narrow eyes
In silence, Itachi kept staring at his father's confidant.
"You have a lot of sato's shoulders. Which ally are you, sato or the clan?
"You shouldn't put things in the frame with words ..."
"what?"
"Enemy .... Ally .... When you distinguish things with a tool called words, you can't see your true feelings.
You'll have to step into a place where you don't have to. "
"I don't have time to ask incomprehensible questions. Which side are you?
Yashiro's angry calms the shrine
"Isn't it decided ..."
Itachi continued, glaring at his father's confidant.
"I am a member of the clan."
"Are you sure?"
On the way home after the meeting, Itachi walks away from his father and is stopped by Sisui.
The father, who was suspicious of his son who stopped, looked back and noticed his son's best friend.
"What's wrong?"
"I want to talk to my son a little ..."
Fugaku who saw Shisui and Weasel alternately
"Don't be too late"
Just saying that, I started walking alone on the night road.
"Shisui ..."
When we were alone, Itachi called his friend's name.
"I understand your feelings painfully"
His best friend, who wrinkles his eyebrows, seemed to regret it from the bottom of his heart.
"Yashiro is the leader of the coup d'etat. For that man, all the people in the village are enemies."
The rant that was just thrown still keeps ringing in the back of my ears
Itachi turned his face down to look away from the figure of Yashiro in his mind.
"I started to move as if you were in the dark."
"What does it mean?"
"I got the authority to talk directly to Hokage and investigate the inside of the clan alone."
What does it mean to look inside the clan?
When Itachi was confused by words that he couldn't understand immediately, Sisui opened his mouth as if he realized it.
"I've left my normal mission so that the clan doesn't activate any more disturbing movements. The clan's dissatisfaction explodes. To prevent it, I may take action at my discretion. I got a promise and a position of belonging to the dark part. However, it is a nominal one, and I am treated as a direct report of Hokage-sama. few"
"To you, Hokage-sama ..."
"Relieve me, I'm not talking about the coup."
It was obvious that once the clan's plot was known to the village, it would not be possible to stay in a situation where they were restraining each other as they are now.
"Itachi, you're from inside the organization called Akabe, and I'm from the position of Shinobu, who reports directly to Hokage-sama, and I'll continue to fight to stop the clan's outbursts."
"I will never forget my promise with you."
Shisui presents his fist
Itachi also sticks out his fist so as to match
"We have to stop the coup d'etat anyway."
To the strong voice of Shisui,
Itachi returned a nod of consent
A scene I didn't want to believe was spreading in front of me
A monitor is closely installed in a windowless room in the basement of a building given to the dark part.
What was reflected there were a number of landscapes that Itachi was familiar with.
"Kuo Incident .... The upper management of the village suspected the involvement of the clan."
Itachi listened to Kakashi standing next to him while looking at the monitor.
"The upper ranks, who were not satisfied with just isolating the clan's settlement at the edge of the village, began full monitoring of the settlement for 24 hours by the dark part."
"Is this the room?"
"That's it"
My friends in the dark are operating the screen with countless buttons and levers in front of the monitor.
I could predict everyone's relaxed facial expressions, even though I couldn't see their facial expressions.
So many friends are distracted
No wonder
For my friends, it's a monotonous task, just staring at the monitor.
We don't even care how serious it is for the Uchiha clan
"Did we all see it?"
"You don't have to check each time, but this is ..."
"I know. I will never tell the clan."
Can't say
The fact that the village is being monitored 24 hours a day, everywhere, will make the fathers even more angry.
It just provides convenient materials for those who are already making noise with coups and the like.
Itachi was sent to Akabe by his father as a spy to investigate the inside of the village.
If he faithfully fulfills his role, this fact should be immediately informed to the clan.
By the time he abandoned speaking, Itachi also abandoned being a clan spy.
"I'll have you monitor here for the next day."
"Do you mean to watch over your clan members?"
A monkey-faced man who had been sitting in front of the monitor and silently listening to the exchange between Kakashi and Itachi suddenly stood up.
"The mission is a mission, whether it's a companion or not. Your clan has drawn in nine tails, so you're being watched. Take the reality, newcomers."
"Kou"
Called the name of the monkey face so that Kakashi would lick it
Then another colleague sitting next to Kou turned the chair around and turned to the scarecrow.
The face of a round-faced cat
"Hey, my sister was killed by Nine-tailed fox, so we don't have a good impression of the clan."
"Don't put your personal feelings in your mission"
Kakashi said, Kou approached while looking down.
"I understand, it was Sunmasen."
I bow down and pass by the scarecrow.
"Then I asked for a newcomer"
A round-faced cat face follows Ko who complained
"Oh, I'm here"
Kakashi said while looking at the door where they disappeared
"Ask with him"
Standing in front of the door was Sugar, a shinobi who was under Danzou.
Already about four hours after Kakashi left
Sugar doesn't speak a word
Originally, Itachi, who is not good at casual conversation, did not suffer from silence.
Only the time for two people to stare at the monitor will pass.
It was a coincidence that I found it
Although it is a mission, the weasel's blood is not frozen enough to calmly imitate the lives of its compatriots.
Keep changing the screen in front of you by switching the images of the surveillance camera frequently and trying not to keep them in one place as much as possible.
By continuing to watch the momentary continuation, I managed to maintain my normal spirit.
Itachi, who is trained to memorize the scene at a glance, has the pride that this act alone is sufficient to complete his duties.
Itachi stopped his hand, feeling a slight sense of discomfort in one of those momentary fragments.
Composition overlooking Nangano Shrine from the torii gate
A cobblestone walkway extends straight from the stone torii gate to the shrine.
The space around the center of the torii and the shrine looked slightly distorted to Itachi.
It ’s just a momentary event.
The scenery on the monitor has already regained its silence.
Perhaps Sugar is a slight screen mess that he hasn't noticed.
If anyone else sees it, it's just a change that makes you think the camera has been shaken by the wind.
However, Itachi was familiar with the current disorder of the scenery.
The scenery near the center of the stone pavement was disturbed in a spiral around a certain point.
It's like a scene where the surrounding space is sucked into that one point.
masked man……
The phenomenon that happened beyond the monitor was exactly the same as the technique used by the man who attacked the Itachis during their escape mission during the mission of guarding the daimyo of the land of fire.
"Why is that man ..."
After muttering carelessly, Itachi noticed the existence of Sugar and regretted it.
Sugar is watching the monitor in front of him
Regretting his immaturity, Itachi dives into the sea of ​​thought again.
When Tenma died, Itachi clearly saw the glowing man's eyes behind the mask.
A black dot appears in the center of the crimson eyes, and three magatama are in the concentric circles.
Certainly the man's right eye was the Sharingan
That means that he is a member of the Uchiha clan.
More than three years have passed since that incident
Even now, sometimes the sight of Tenma's death revives in my mind.
Tenma died as if he didn't understand what had happened, with his horror stuck all over.
At that time, Itachi was stunned by the overwhelming difference in ability that existed between the masked man and himself.
Disappointed with his helplessness, and opened his Sharingan
In other words, the masked man is the man who awakened Itachi as a true shinobi.
The death of his colleague or his benefactor
I felt a strange edge in a masked man
In the last three years, Itachi has dreamed of a man's identity many times.
In the category of reasoning, I thought that we were a clan, but today it turned into conviction.
The blurring of the image is due to the masked man
And that man appeared at Nangano Shrine
And that day when Tenma died, the Sharingan shining in the back of the mask
Everything shows that we are a clan
So who is the clan?
Three years after that, Itachi has been in contact with all the men of the clan who live in the village.
No one in the clan has the ninjutsu to manipulate the space like that man.
No one had the same voice or sign as that man
And above all, Itachi himself had the intuition that a man was not a human being in the village.
Then who?
Our family has lived in the village since the founding of Konohagakure.
I don't even hear that the Sharingan is owned by anyone other than the Uchiha clan.
With some exceptions like Kakashi Hatake, that is also the story of Konohagakure.
If the precious bloodline limit leaks out of the village like the Sharingan and the White Eye, that is the most important thing in the country.
There is no reason not to be recorded in the village
So far, there has been no talk of the Sharingan leaking to another village.
With that in mind, the options are naturally narrowed down.
The first option is the possibility that the clan was alive and became a masked man while he was believed to have died on the battlefield during the last war.
During the war, it was a rule that if a member of the Uchiha clan died on the battlefield, the Sharingan would always be taken back by another Shinobi.
So there is no possibility that it was robbed from the corpse
If so, it is better to think that the person who thought he was dead is alive and is stepping into the village with the Sharingan.
And the second option is the possibility that the former Uchiha clan was a masked man.
This is less likely than the first option
Because since the founding of Konohagakure, there is only one Shinobu who has left the clan and left the village.
Madara Uchiha ……
He is the man who founded Konohagakure no Sato with the pillars of the Senju clan.
It is said that he passed through the village and fought against Pillars and died in what is now called the "Valley of the End".
It is impossible for a dead person to be alive
The second option was something that should have been thrown away at that point
But Itachi can't forget this second option.
At that time, the overwhelming chakra and presence of the masked man that I actually felt on my skin was stronger than any shinobi that Itachi had ever encountered.
If that kind of shinobi died during the war, it would be in history.
However, nowhere in the description of the war is there a description that Shinobu died while being able to do so.
Then ...
Itachi was more convinced to think that Madara was alive.
"……friend"
Someone's voice was heard in the distance
"Itachi"
Sugar's hard voice brings Itachi back to reality
"Solo Solo Alternate Time Dazo"
"Ahh……"
Itachi answers vaguely
Indulging in thought, only his fingertips kept pushing the button
A monitor that is not looking at it at all while looking away changes the scenery as it turns around.
"Are you okay?"
"What are you talking about?"
Answer the question of Sugar
"I don't like ... I don't have any demos."
Sugar didn't speak anymore
He was in the dark and two months were about to pass
However, the monotonous days continue as usual
His main work is guarding Hokage's office and practicing with his colleagues, and he has not yet come up with a mission that could endanger his life.
"Assassinations and important missions seem to be so frequent that the village isn't peaceful. It's a proof that we're free."
Saying that, Kakashi is laughing in a hurry
The village is peaceful ...
But why, Itachi wonders
The village should be peaceful, but why is my heart so disturbed?
Why does he feel so rushed?
Because of the clan
Behind the peace of the village, our compatriots want a turbulence
That was the cause of disturbing Itachi's heart
Only the coup must be blocked at all costs
However, I could not find a concrete measure.
Even if you say that it moves with Shisui, even if two people open their hands side by side, the urge of the clan cannot be suppressed.
Itachi is impatient that no breakthrough can be found.
"Gahahaha!"
A tearing loud voice pierced Itachi's ears on his way home from his mission.
There was a small park in front of Itachi's view when he stopped involuntarily.
It's already late in the evening
The sun had already tilted west, and the area was beginning to be surrounded by darkness.
The boy who would have laughed earlier is standing on a swing
On the side he stared at, there were three figures running
Probably his friend
"You guys can't beat this Uzumaki Naruto-sama!"
The swing boy shouted
The figure leaves while talking to him without turning to him.
The boy, who called himself Naruto, sat down on a swing lonely, staring at the three figures that seemed to be on good terms.
The words I mentioned earlier are strong no matter how you look at them.
Itachi knew it from the time the boy gave his name.
Speaking of Uzumaki Naruto, there is no stranger in the village
The boy in front of him is involved in the nine-tailed affair that terrorized the people of the village.
A child who has nine tails in his body
If he goes down, everyone hides his voice
The only person who didn't know that Kyuubi was in his body was the only one.
Naruto himself
He is sealed in his body without knowing the disaster of the village and lives in fear of people
Naruto doesn't understand why he is oppressed by people
His parents are no longer in the world
No one gives him free love.
Itachi somehow went to the park
Walk quietly toward the swing that shakes weakly
He sat next to Naruto looking down
"Nuo!"
When I noticed the weasel that suddenly appeared, Naruto was surprised and almost fell off the swing.
When he flutters his limbs more than necessary and manages to stay on the swing, he throws a suspicious gaze at Itachi.
"Don't be surprised"
"I'm sorry"
"Who are you?"
Naruto stares at him with his eyes rounded
Itachi was looking straight ahead while swinging the swing.
"I don't care who I am"
"Don't talk to strangers, my mom ..."
"I don't know"
Itachi says,
Naruto put his right hand behind his head with a shy smile
"Do you know after all?"
"Naruto Uzumaki is a famous mischievous kid."
"Is that celebrity?"
"In a sense"
"Hehehe ..."
Naruto laughs happily without understanding Itachi's irony
"My friend has run away."
"I don't understand my mischief, they're not friends."
Naruto's voice is so bright
He seemed desperately behaving brightly, not realizing his loneliness
Everyone knows Naruto's true identity
For the village, the nine-tailed affair still left a deep scar.
While suspected of manipulating the nine tails, the clan is still stuck in the effects of this incident.
Itachi himself suffered many unfamiliar slander due to this incident.
There is probably no one in this village who has a decent contact with the boy who has the cause in his body.
So to speak, Naruto is the biggest victim of the nine-tailed affair.
Itachi doesn't know how Naruto sealed Nine-tailed fox.
However, I don't think it's a decent nerve to seal a mass of disaster to a young baby.
Didn't he think about what kind of persecution the child would be if he did that?
The details of the nine-tailed affair are top secret matters of the village.
The truth was hidden in the darkness, leaving only Naruto
Naruto is part of the darkness of the village
This village is built at the expense of being like Naruto
Upper-level humans keep Naruto from calamity, and by persecuting the Uchiha clan, people's dissatisfaction goes elsewhere, and they continue to move the village skillfully.
By intentionally creating darkness, hide your own darkness ...
And now, Itachi was also part of the darkness of such a village.
Because the dark part is the true darkness of the village
"Brother!"
"Hmm?"
Naruto had his eyes rounded next to him
"Is it okay to shut up suddenly?"
"Should be fine"
"I'm glad"
Anxiously Naruto is looking up
"It's about time to go home."
"Nobody wants to go home ..."
Bend his mouth into a sword to make Naruto stronger
"Then I'm going home."
"Eh!"
Naruto is surprised by the exaggeration of Itachi who stood up.
"Do your best"
Itachi thinks he spit out words that wouldn't be a relief
But Naruto seemed happy, and he rubbed his nose with his fingers, laughing and laughing.
And when he jumped off the swing vigorously, he stood up and pointed his index finger at the weasel.
"My name is Naruto Uzumaki! I'm a man who will become Hokage someday!"
"Yes, Hokage ..."
A fire illuminates Itachi's chest
Despite carrying the darkness of the village on his back, this boy has not given up on his destiny
Don't resent the village, don't hate people, believe in your dreams with straight eyes
"I hope I can be"
"I'll definitely do it. Remember until then, my brother."
Instead of smiling, Itachi turns his back on Naruto and begins to walk.
A sky full of stars was shining in the sky
He was called by Danzou
Sit on a chair on the top of the Buddha
Next to the Lord of "Roots", there is a figure of Sugar who should belong to the Ro group.
"How about the dark part?"
"I don't know yet"
"It's a straightforward impression. I'm sure I'll have many experiences that can only be done in the dark. Until then, hone your skills."
Danzou talks as if he were his boss
However, Itachi is a dark part that reports directly to Hokage and has nothing to do with the roots.
In terms of job relationships, Danzou and Itachi had nothing to do with each other.
"Nothing else called you today."
Silently prompt Danzou's words
"Recently, I hear that the Uchiha clan's settlement is tough on outsiders."
It's true that in the last few months, the settlement has become an exclusive atmosphere.
It was as if the settlement itself had a will, as his father spoke the word coup.
"Are you also attending regular meetings?"
Danzou asked straightforwardly
The Uchiha clan is being monitored by Akabe for 24 hours.
It was only natural for Danzou to know about the meeting.
"Yes"
Itachi, who was angry that it was meaningless to hide it, answered honestly.
Danzou nods loudly with satisfaction
"Let's be frank. I want you to let me know what the meeting is about."
A voice with indescribable pressure hits Itachi
"At this rate, our clan will be ruined. You need your power to stop it."
"Are you betraying my clan?"
"Don't betray, save."
Danzou put his elbows on his desk and put his chin on his palms that he had crossed.
His left eye, like a deep dark cave, shoots a weasel
"Betrayal is an act that is detrimental to a betrayal. The act of reporting the contents of a meeting prevents the clan from going out of control, and as a result, it is in the clan's interest. Therefore, it is not called betrayal. "
It's a clever rhetoric
I think I was dizzy by twisting the logic, but Itachi wasn't fooled.
Whatever the consequences for the clan, telling Danzou what the meeting is about is nothing more than a betrayal.
Danzou is misunderstood
Itachi is not particular about the word "betrayal".
"I understand."
"I thought that if you hate fighting more than anyone else, you would say that."
The Lord of the Root replied with a voice that did not reveal his emotions
It ’s frustrating, but it ’s exactly what Danzou says.
Itachi has not yet found a concrete measure to prevent a coup d'etat.
Danzou's offer brought at that time had an irresistible charm.
Shisui will be able to get the cooperation of the third Hokage.
And Itachi's decision may trigger the use of Danzou's power.
By connecting with the center of the village, you should be able to prevent the clan from going out of control.
"I don't want to imitate the dignity of the clan. I'll leave the choice of information to the eagle to you."
"thank you"
"I asked Itachi. The fate of the clan is entrusted to your judgment."
Danzou's voice slammed on his shoulders
Itachi's resolution is not so sweet that he can't bear the weight.
He took a deep breath to the bottom of his belly to realize his heavy responsibility
Somehow it smelled like blood ...
"Is this the case ..."
Kakashi muttered next to Itachi, who was holding his breath.
At that time, the captain who covered the lower half of his face with a black mask is no longer there.
He jumped the cliff to follow
The corpse of his companion is lying in the depression he is aiming for.
The enemy killed is a small country, Shinobi in the land of frost
It was an event just before the alliance was formed
Ten days later, during the mission of exchanging letters stating the final conditions, etc., in order to conclude the alliance, the ninjas of the land of frost shook their fangs.
The enemy didn't want an alliance from the beginning.
About 10 opponents against 4 Shinobu of Konohagakure
A lot of people
Konohagakure, who was tasked with receiving the letter, was killed in a blink of an eye.
As soon as the negotiation breaks down, the enemy will be annihilated.
That was the mission that the Weasels received.
In other words, don't move until the situation is clear.
As a result, the initial action was delayed, and as a result, allies were wiped out.
By the time Shinobu in the Land of Frost appeared in a large group of ten, there was a good sign of rupture.
If the dark part had popped out at that point, the companion might not have died.
But even if Itachi was in the position of a scarecrow, he wouldn't be able to move until the four were wiped out.
Kakashi in front lands in the enemy
His right hand had already pierced one enemy
A rushing blue thunder wraps the captain's arm
Chidori …… Kakashi's strongest technique
By the time the captain pulled out his right arm, Itachi had landed in the midst of the enemy.
Two more friends in Akabe
One is Sugar
And the other is a young shinobi named Tenzo.
His age is a little below Kakashi
However, his career as a dark part is quite long.
"The dark part of Konohagakure!"
The next moment the enemy shouts, a thick tree trunk entangles around the man's neck and squeezes it like a snake.
The man couldn't resist too much strength and died with his long tongue hanging from his lips.
It ’s the art of Tenzo.
Tenzo was able to use the wood release ninjutsu that only the first Hokage and Hashirama could be used.
"From the beginning, Konoha didn't want to form an alliance with us."
Another enemy told Kakashi
"That was the one you set up first."
Chidori digs into the enemy's belly without waiting for a counterargument
Itachi heard a scream-like scream on his back
The enemy seen over his shoulder is heading toward him while holding his sword in the upper tier.
I looked back on my body
The sword approaches the heavens
Raised his right arm quickly
Capture the right wrist of the enemy holding the handle
"Ku!"
"Give up"
Hold his wrist and tell
The enemy can't even swing down the sword, and the enemy glares at the weasel with a cold sweat.
Sharingan
The enemy's body trembled once and completely lost power
Like a doll with a broken thread, the neck of an enemy who is about to weep on the ground dances in the air in front of Itachi.
A ninja sword is shining behind the enemy
It's Sugar
"Hokage-sama Karano mission Ha, annihilation of the enemy Desyo"
Sugar whispers in a voice that only Itachi can hear
I was reading the spirit of trying to stun by fitting into the Sharingan illusion
No need to annihilate the enemy
Whether the messenger returns or not, this event will soon be known to the land of frost.
If it's retaliation, only those who killed four people are enough
It would be more effective to check the country of frost by letting others talk about the power of Konohagakure.
"I understand"
Telling Sugaru's back, who is already heading for a new enemy, Itachi also aimed at the next target.
Four enemies left
Already lost fighting spirit
Sugar's ninja sword flew the neck of a man who pulled his hips and begged for life.
Behind it, a sharp branch created by the wood release ninjutsu of Tenzo pierces Kunoichi's back, who wants to start running to escape.
"Now the land of frost and Konoha are enemies!"
"Your life will prevent it."
The gentle whispering arm of the scarecrow pierced the enemy's pigeon tail.
"Itachi"
Voice of Tenzo
Itachi's eyes caught the enemy in the form of death.
The enemy who holds the kunai with both hands and clenches his teeth is less than ten years old.
The country of frost is small
Even though the big war is gone, in a country where the number of shinobi is still small and the national power is immature, even such a child will be enough strength.
"That!"
The cry of spirit is no longer a cry
Itachi accepted the boy in his chest
A sharp pain runs in his belly
The boy's kunai was stuck
His thin arms are still quivering when he touches Itachi's belly.
Fear exceeded the limit, and tears overflowed from the boy's eyes.
"Weasel!"
Kakashi shouts
"fine"
Kakashi and his friends are looking at Itachi, who answers gently.
The boy's face, which sways in small steps when shaken, slowly lifted up.
Eyes wet with tears catch Itachi
"Ahhhhh ..."
Fear is leaking as a voice
"You are another full-fledged shinobi. Be firm."
Talk gently to the enemy
The boy is confused and frightened, and the translation is incomprehensible
I was desperate to shake his head from side to side and look away from reality
"You didn't run away and came to me, so I'll thank you as a full-fledged shinobi ..."
Hold the kunai behind him so that he doesn't look like a boy
I ran his blade against the thin nape of the enemy who kept crying, pushing it up from below.
Gently pull out the kunai from your belly and then move back
Blood splashed from the boy's neck
I don't get blood back
That is also his taste as a shinobi
A young body rolled on a pile of skeletons with no enemies or allies
"This is also a battlefield ..."
Whisper in a voice that no one can hear
Itachi asks the heart
Am I really approaching my dream?
It was buried when it flowed slowly, and it seemed that my body was getting heavier and heavier. He was already far away when he was a child, hoping to be the best shinobi than anyone else, and the fence clinging to his whole body tries to fit Itachi into the frame of "just shinobi".
I want to be free by throwing away the village, the clan, and the dark part as it is ...
I know it's unforgivable
The eyes of a boy who lost his brilliance stared at Itachi, who was in agony.
"A list of planned participants, invasion routes, attack targets and assassination targets for the uprising. And I would like to set the date of the most important uprising at the next meeting. If you have an idea, feel free to ask me anytime. Just be careful with the human eyes of the village. "
When his father's words were over, his compatriots relaxed for a moment.
Relaxation in anticipation of the end of the meeting
However, everyone's feelings were broken by Yashiro's tense voice.
"Is there a weasel?"
Itachi felt inwardly disgusted by the voice calling himself.
"Itachi"
A frustrating voice chases Itachi who does not reply
"I'm here"
Raised a heavy waist
Yashiro does not rebuke Itachi's attitude, but just throws a ruthless gaze.
"You were there at the seat where negotiations with the country of frost broke down the other day."
“…………”
"Answer"
"The mission of Akabe should not be told to outsiders."
"Are you really saying that?"
Deep wrinkles appear between Yashiro's eyebrows
Itachi didn't answer, just staring at his thin eyes in front of him.
"Why did you enter the dark part?"
“…………”
"To get various information near the center of the village and inform us."
"Yashiro"
His father called the name of his confidant to send a rescue ship to his silent son.
Yashiro refuses to answer his father and keeps staring at Itachi
"What did you bring to us when you entered the dark part? We have never heard the secret of the village from your mouth."
"I don't know, so I just don't talk."
"Is that really all?"
"What do you mean?"
The will of antipathy sways in Itachi's eyes
A long-haired man stood up next to Yashiro who took it with a fearless smile.
We are Inabi
He is also the confidant of his father
"You are betraying us ..."
"Make it sloppy!"
His father shouted
Yashiro and Inabi are silent at the father's sword curtain, which is too rare.
"You know what it's like for the clan now. You can't do anything important because your friends are in conflict with each other."
“…………”
Yashiro sits dissatisfied
Inavi followed so that it could be hung
"You can sit down, weasel"
Father glares
"Weasel ..."
My father whispers in a thin voice to my son who keeps standing
He was like a pleading voice
"excuse me"
The pain in his chest naturally spilled into words
Father is desperate to put everyone together
Why does he become so subservient and try to keep things round?
Is the framework of a clan so important?
Itachi seemed to be at the mercy of his father's enthusiasm for the youth.
can not understand……
"Anyway, the next meeting will determine our path. It's an important meeting. I can't afford to be absent, so stay tuned."
The meeting ended in a disturbing atmosphere, and Itachi went home alone without looking at anyone.
I couldn't even see Shisui and Izumi
Danzou looks down at Hilzen, who puts his lips on the mouthpiece of the smoke tube.
Hokage's office
There is no one but two
"It's been half a year since I entered the dark part ..."
Hilzen said, spitting smoke
"What are you talking about?"
"Don't get confused. It's the man you're looking at."
"Fun"
Occasionally Hilzen makes such a roundabout way of saying
"I'm doing my job faithfully"
"Really"
"Did you come to talk about him?"
See through
It was unbearable for Danzou, who hates looking into his heart more than anyone else.
"Uchiha seems to have a direct report to the clan."
Hilzen put his mouth on the smoke tube as if he had been struck by a painful part.
Danzou continues regardless
"It seems that we have separated Shisui from his normal mission and given him the authority to move at his own discretion and discretion. Moreover, even in his name, we would put him in the dark again."
"Sisui wanted me to be able to move freely. I just set the course for that."
"Did someone who might be Hokage listen to the selfishness of Shinobu?"
"We took into consideration the feelings of the Uchiha clan."
"If you take into account each person's circumstances, the village will not stand."
"I understand that even if you don't tell me!"
Hilzen shouted with frustration
"Why don't you say it in a roundabout way and say it clearly? What on earth did you come to do today?"
Let's stop oppressing ...
Danzou smiled in his heart and said what he had been thinking for a long time.
"I want the eagle to prepare one, just as you had your own hand piece in the Uchiha clan."
"Hand piece"
At the moment he said, Hilzen had an unpleasant face. And when he finished listening, he lifted the corner of his mouth slightly and saw Danzou.
"Are you telling usasel to give it to the root?"
"I never thought about that."
"Don't get confused"
"I don't want to be out of focus"
Hilzen squints to read the true meaning of Danzou who affirms
Countless wrinkles running on the corners of his eyes deepen
"What are you thinking?"
"Why don't you promote Itachi to be a squad leader?"
"He's still eleven years old."
"Akabe's squad leader is over thirteen years old ... There was certainly such a rule."
Hilzen has an unpleasant look on Danzou, who says with a smirk.
"Akabe is the center of the village. The squad leader who leads it must have sufficient judgment. Therefore, the qualification is from 13 years old."
"Sufficient judgment .... Itachi already has such a thing."
"It's not such a problem"
"I am powerless in front of my ability such as age."
Hilzen shuts down in Danzou's tough posture
"Is the Covenant so important? Hiruzen. Our clan's dissatisfaction is already inevitable. In order to break through such a situation, those who are in a position to effectively use the will of the roots and who are also in the position of you. If you're just a shinobi in the dark, you can't escape the command of the squad leader. Promoting Itachi to the squad leader means making him lighter. "
"Isn't he supposed to belong to the" root "and then to be positioned between the eagle and you?"
"That's right. Weasel and Sisui are not in line with each other in the clan. If you bring them in here, it will not be difficult to prevent the clan's outburst. You give Sisui a privilege. As I gave it, Itachi also needs some authority. "
"But at the age of eleven, he's too young to be a squad leader."
Hilzen is at a loss
Another push ...
"How about if you are twelve?"
The third Hokage does not answer
"I think we can handle the rules enough by raising Itachi's official age by one year?"
"Let me think a little more"
"Understood"
Danzou is convinced
Hilzen will definitely accept
"How about school?"
Asking his younger brother sitting on the bench, Itachi moistened his throat with cold juice.
"It would be much more beneficial to train with his brother in this way."
Sasuke laughed as he looked up at his brother while holding a can of water droplets with both hands.
It is much more beneficial to train with Shisui ...
When I was just entering Ninja School, Itachi said the same thing.
Even now, I realize that brothers are similar.
When the mission ended early and Sasuke was returning home, he decided to go out with his training.
I can't usually be together so much, so I actively create opportunities
And now, this time spent with Sasuke is the most healing for Itachi.
Sweat with his younger brother allowed me to escape the heaviness of everyday life.
When did that happen?
Recently, when I meet Shisui, I just talk about the fate of the clan.
It's been many years ago that we trained together
Even if I talk to Izumi, I'm so worried about her movements that I can't be with her innocently.
I know I'm too careful, but I couldn't help it
After all, only when I was dating his younger brother's training, I could be myself as I was without thinking about anything.
"Is school boring?"
"That's not the case ..."
Sasuke gazes at the mouth of the can
Somehow I understand what my brother is thinking
"Isn't it because your skills and way of thinking are so different that you can't do well with your friends?"
Because Itachi himself was.
Because everything was done better than others, my peers of the same year looked like kids.
The way of thinking and dealing with things is too young to talk with the same values.
I vaguely thought that Sasuke was probably the same.
Like myself, I felt that his younger brother had a clumsy side to socializing.
"I'm not thinking of doing it well, because they can't do ninjutsu or study at all ..."
"What about Naruto?"
"eh?"
Sasuke's eyes were rounded when a surprising name popped out of his brother's mouth.
The line of sight looking up at Itachi reveals a surprise
Itachi himself was surprised
He doesn't even know why he mentioned Naruto
But somehow, that blonde kid who was the same age as his younger brother went astray.
"He can't do anything at all. It's a messy guy who sticks to me and pokes at me."
"Are you poking at Naruto?"
"I don't really think about him, but he complains every time."
If his younger brother's position at school is the same as that of Itachi while he is still in school, I think the other students are making Sasuke a long way off.
Instead of looking at Sasuke's abilities, no one really wants to be a friend
However, Naruto is said to be poking at Sasuke
When it comes to Hokage, the boastful appearance revives in my mind
A pitiful child who has nine tails in his body and is not dealt with by anyone
Believe in that big dream and don't doubt
His appearance and words seemed to be the exact opposite of his younger brother Sasuke.
But ... When I dream of two people side by side, it looks strange.
"Pushing in means that you're worried. Get along."
"I can't get along with that guy."
"I wish I could do it someday."
Say and put his palm on his brother's head
"It's absolutely impossible!"
Sasuke closes his eyes tightly, wrinkles his nose and clenches his teeth
Itachi laughed at the humorous expression.
His younger brother also relaxes his expression and begins to laugh
The warm dusk passes calmly
Fugaku, sitting with his arms folded and meditating, opened his eyelids when he heard the sound of the shoji opening.
His own room
He was sitting cross-legged on the right wall of the room, looking at the alcove on his right hand.
It was my child who opened the shoji screen facing the corridor and showed his face.
"What is your father doing?"
My son, who is too good, doesn't repair the cold tone these days, and he doesn't even try to enter the room.
"Get in"
When Fugaku urged, he finally straddled the threshold with a feeling of reluctance.
Closing the shoji behind him, his son sat in front of his father
"It looks like I was going to the park with Sasuke."
"Yes"
After confirming that they were sweaty and returning, they called for a bath.
My brother is now talking to his mother at the table
"I'm ready for tomorrow's mission. Please give me a brief message."
The son, who intensifies his face by saying so, is clearly wary of his father.
No wonder
Recently, I haven't had a conversation, and the only opportunity for two people to hear each other's voice was at a meeting.
I can't show my parents' faces because of the public view
It was only natural that the distance would go away if we were only dealing with others in this way.
"Don't make such a formal statement."
Fugaku smiled
It ’s a smile as much as possible.
Fugaku rarely laughs
As the captain of the police force, as the coordinator of the youth of the clan, he thinks he should not expose his emotions unnecessarily.
no……
When I think about it, I didn't laugh so much from an early age
By the way, when did you see his son's smile?
I didn't remember
I and my son are alike ... strange joy springs in his chest
There was a difference between the pure joy of having children as parents and the joy that Fugaku now feels.
Called the genius of the Ninja School, he passed the ninja exam alone and became the first member of the Uchiha clan.
He was delighted that he resembled Shinobu, who had built many legends.
It was too distorted as his father to see his son as an object of admiration somewhere.
And Fugaku himself is clearly aware of that feeling.
So sometimes Fugaku is jealous of his son
As he was the same man, not as a father, he just couldn't admit the fact that he was losing
That's why we take a terrible attitude toward Itachi.
I think he's too stupid as a parent
However, Fugaku's pride as a shinobi is not obediently pleased with Itachi's rise to life.
And such a son was about to leave his hand ...
"How about the work in the dark part?"
Itachi is staring at his father, who asks without breaking his smile, with a cautious eye.
"If you practice what you have accumulated every day since you graduated from Ninja School, nothing will happen."
Too exemplary answer
The son, who replied plainly, seemed to have a head that he was dealing with the one who bundled the young people of the clan, rather than with his father.
"There are no Yashiro or Inabi here."
He tried hard and continued to speak in a soft tone
"I'm your father and you're my son. That's all there is in this room."
He is a wise child
That said, he seemed to understand his father's feelings swiftly.
That doesn't mean he's going to change to a straightforward emotional attitude like he was when he was five or six years old.
It ’s that kind of looseness that I've lifted my alertness.
Even so, the weasel's eyes became much calmer than before.
"Nothing is different from when it wasn't in the dark."
"Isn't it a tough job?"
"There is certainly ..."
So his son screamed
And he looks down for a moment and looks straight at his father again.
"As long as I belong to the dark part, I can't allow spoiling."
"As expected, it's my child."
Whenever I praised his son, he spit out this word. However, from some time ago, when I use this word, I feel like I've grown taller. Trying to keep my talented child in my category
"My child"
I feel like that
I'm already addicted to it. When I want to praise my son, words come out before thinking. that's why
"As expected, my child"
A small, sharp thorn pierces his chest. And even today, Fugaku felt a pain in his chest.
He vomits to shake off the itching around Hatoo
"Don't worry about the meeting"
"Huh?"
His son had a surprising look at his father's words
He probably expected him to be reprimanded for interacting with Yashiro and his friends at the meeting.
As a result of that betrayal, Itachi was surprised.
"Not everyone in the clan has the same idea. I don't mean to force our thoughts. I'm against the flow, rather than the stone-like beings that are swept away by the big flow. But I want him to be a man like a stone who runs through himself. "
"father……"
"I will not bend my thoughts. If I am not convinced by Yashiro's argument, I should insist on my thoughts openly."
"But that meeting has an atmosphere that doesn't allow it."
A sigh naturally leaked from Fugaku's mouth
"You're right. Young people are so enthusiastic that they can't see themselves, and even if they eliminate those who are out of tune, they're trying to push forward with what they believe to be noble thoughts."
"My father ..."
Itachi shook his mouth
"What? Tell me clearly"
"Yes"
The son started talking as if he had decided
"Does my father have a different opinion from them?"
"No difference"
Affirmed
"I feel the same as them. I'm just not young enough to get rid of different ideas."
The disappointment of his son was clearly understood
"I see……"
The stone is already rolling
I can't do anything anymore
No, I didn't mean to
It's possible that the uprising was left behind by the clan.
But ... I didn't want to force his son to obey
"You only have to be pure in your thoughts. Get lost and get lost and find the answer. And if you find the answer, never get lost. Find the answer and be prepared to stick to it. That is the" decision ". is"
"decision……"
"That's right. Few people in this world live by making their own decisions in their lives. Everyone leaves the decisions to others and lives while looking away from their responsibilities. You don't live that way. . Make your own decisions and move forward in your life. "
Fugaku felt something hot behind his eyes
Not realizing it to his son, he is desperately trying to suppress his chest.
"I understand."
With a small exhalation, Itachi turned a hot look at his father.
"I don't leave the decisions of my life to anyone."
"That's why I'm my child."
Fugaku was able to say this word obediently for the first time in a long time
No chest pain
Danzou didn't miss the small quivering of Hilzen's eyebrows.
This is the seat where the budget policy for the administration of Konohagakure no Sato, the regular meeting room of Hokage Mansion, is decided.
In addition to Hilzen and Danzou, there were Koharu and Homura in the opinion number.
At this meeting, the basic policy will be decided, and based on that, Hilzen will adopt a formal budget with the heads of the administrative organs of the village.
"Budget for this police force ..."
Hilzen saw the other three, taking his eyes off the material he had.
What he has is a proposal from Danzou and his friends.
"There is a plan to significantly reduce the budget, but what does this mean?"
Koharu, whose name was called, looked at Hilzen with his narrow eyes slightly open.
"It's been seven years since the end of the war. The security of the village has settled down a lot. Moreover, it has become customary for the dark side to move when investigating important and vicious crimes. The role of the police force has been limited. The current situation is that you don't need the same budget as before. "
"But it's too sudden to suddenly reduce the amount by 40%. This will have some impact on the personnel of the police force."
Homura Mitokado opened his mouth while looking at Hilzen's face, which looked like he had crushed a bitter worm.
"Reconstruction from the invasion of Kyuubi is almost over, and there is an urgent need to build new facilities and lay wide roads. Ninja schools that have abolished the early graduation system must be expanded soon. An organization that is shrinking. I can't afford to spend money on it. "
"I know that. I know, but it's more and more of a way to look at the police force as an enemy ..."
"Driving their dissatisfaction?"
Danzou continued to vomit, behave in a timely manner, and squirm.
"Then I ask, is there any other department in this village that has a tendency to reduce duties as significantly as the police force? The peace of the village and the expansion of duties in the dark area. The cause of the reduction is clear. The above roles cannot be fulfilled. And even that is doubtful whether it is faithfully carried out by the negative feelings of dissatisfaction with the village. I think it is just a spoiler to secure the current budget? "
"It's not spoiled. It's protection."
"Protection? Why do we need to protect those who have no trouble working?"
"Because people like you who have a prejudice against the clan have limited opportunities for them to play an active role!"
Hilzen hit the desk and stood up, Homura and Koharu calmly looked at it.
Danzou uttered words toward his old friend, the third generation, without suppressing the smile that appeared in his mouth.
"Would you like to protect them from prejudice ... Isn't that the act of isolating and discriminating against them?"
"What ..."
"Because there is a job called a police force and the budget is guaranteed from the village, the members of the Uchiha clan refuse to contact outside people, and only the inner people are quarantining. You are protected. Since they are isolated within the framework of the police force in the name of, can they grow the bad buds of dissatisfaction in their own bodies? "
"The establishment and operation of the police force is the will of the dead second generation."
"Don't you think the idea is old?"
"Now that the war is over and the scars of the nine-tailed invasion have begun to heal, I think we need to change, but what are your opinions?"
"No objection"
Koharu gave a voice of consent
Nods silently so that Homura will also be in sync
We have already taken root in the two. The three agreed on a budget cut for the police force.
Only Hilzen is out of the mosquito net
"What if our clan's dissatisfaction goes out of control?"
"Are you using Sisui to prevent it?"
Danzou struck a decisive move
Hilzen screams when he is stabbed in a painful place
"Isn't that why the young Shinobu, who worries about the clan, has been removed from his normal mission, given a nominal position, and even given the authority to allow some degree of dogmatism?"
"30% ..."
Hilzen said in a hazy voice
Choosing bitterness
Behavior as planned
Danzou also does not think that a 40% reduction is feasible
I expected the reasonable line to be 30%
"If we cut the budget by more than 30%, we cannot avoid the backlash of the police force."
"Respect for Hokage's decision"
Hilzen made an unpleasant look at Danzou's intentional words.
Called by Sisui to the usual cliff
Already at midnight
Both the village and the village are in sleep
Still, the dark part that watches over the village is awake.
During the clan surveillance mission, all surveillance camera angles of view were remembered
We have already devised a route that allows us to move freely in the village while striking the slight gap between the camera and the angle of view of the camera.
The dark part monitoring and the route of the blind spot were taught only to Sisui
Shisui is the only reliable shinobi
Never leak to others
Shisui must have headed for the cliff through the blind spot route.
No one knows the meeting of the two
After passing through the village and escaping from the eyes of the surveillance camera, Itachi ran.
The first quarter moon is shining near the middle sky
Under the glittering stars that seemed to fall, I ran earnestly as if to choose the darkness.
Suddenly the forest broke, the target cliff appeared, and there was a figure at the tip of the rough rock.
Standing with your back, it's staring at the stream of the river under the cliff.
Itachi rushed to him and stopped behind him.
"I made you wait"
"I've just come"
Shisui's face, which she shook after saying that, was clearly emaciated.
There is a faint dark circle under his eyes, and his cheeks are slightly dim.
The slightly sharper jaws than in the past looked more like a sign of overwork than an adult growth.
"It looks like you're pretty tired."
"Because there were various things ..."