Kohinata Mukai would be taking the following day off, his first in a month
Once Itachi learned this fact from the mouth of Shimura Danzo, he hardened his resolve
The arrangements were soon made, and Itachi and Uchiha Shisui, who was to accompany him, had their duty schedules changed
Through Danzo’s agency
Itachi was going to kill a ninja living in his own village the following day …
Mukai might have been a traitor, but the fact that he was kin to Itachi was unchanged
He was a comrade from the village
It would have been a lie to say that Itachi wasn’t reluctant to kill the man
But this mission was more critical than any he accepted thus far in his life as a ninja
He could not refuse
Itachi kept very much in mind the fact that Mukai was a traitor. The man had been talking with Kirigakure in secret, and had leaked crucial confidential information about Konohagakure Thinking about this helped Itachi set aside his feelings of guilt
“Everything’s ready!”
A cheerful voice interrupted his meditations.
“Just like you told me, I put eight out there.”
His little brother smiled.
Itachi returned a grin
They were in the middle of the woods
Now that he knew the mission would be completed the next day, Itachi was taking a break, 
and Sasuke had begged him to join him for some training
In amongst the close-standing trees, Sasuke had hidden targets marked with double circles
And quite splendidly—Itachi couldn’t see a single one of them
“All right, Itachi,”
Sasuke urged him in a spirited tone, unable to hide his excitement.
Nodding, Itachi grabbed his kunai
Once he had wedged one in between all his fingers, he had exactly eight in his hands
Eight iron claws sticking out from loose fists
He lowered his face, and focused his mind just a little
He then poured the chakra built up in the depths of his stomach into his eyes
Sharingan
The breathing of the trees grew restless at once
In the rumbling pulsation of writhing life, he saw small circular foreign objects
Eight of them
Itachi let out a small breath, and then he kicked lightly at the ground
In the air, his head and his feet traded places
With his body upside down, his center of gravity pointed downward and stretched out, stabilizing his posture
And stabilizing his posture increased the precision of his control over his kunai
He closed his eyes and imagined the eight targets in his mind
There were two that he couldn’t reach from this position
The one knocked over artlessly behind the front of the enormous rock was going to be the most trouble
First, he threw the four blades in his left hand in a single motion
All unerringly pierced the four targets in relatively easy locations
Next, the two kunai clutched between the thumb and middle finger of his right hand
These also dug into their intended targets without incident
Two left
Itachi’s body was still in the air
Not even a second had passed since he leapt up from the ground
He switched the kunai held between his middle and ring fingers to his left hand
Now he had one kunai in each hand
He waved both arms and threw the kunai at the same time
The trajectories of the two blades overlapped
They collided in midair with a sharp clang, and then bounced off each other to fly off in unexpected directions
He landed
his sharingan glowing with a crimson light
As he stood up slowly, he felt the presence of his brother before him
Sasuke had hidden himself behind a tree to avoid danger, but now he popped his head out suddenly
He seemed dumbfounded at Itachi’s skill in hitting all the targets
Sasuke’s mouth hung open as he stared at the rock before him
the location of the most troublesome target
Naturally, Itachi hit that one too
He had made the last two kunai collide, and changed their trajectories, to that end
“Wow! You even nailed that target in the blind spot behind the rock!!”
Sasuke flew out from behind the tree. 
He was clutching kunai in both hands. 
He was in such high spirits after that display of his big brother’s skills that he was practically beside himself.
“All right! My turn!”
“Sasuke, we have to go.”
Sasuke was practically pulsating with excitement, but he stopped abruptly. 
The face he turned toward his brother was thoroughly displeased.
“You promised to teach me new shuriken techniques!”
Itachi had indeed promised. But he had more than fulfilled that promise with what he had just shown the younger boy.
“I’ve got a kind of important mission tomorrow. I have to get ready.”
Mostly mentally.
His little brother turned his face away and pouted. 
The cool eyes beneath the furrowed brow were twisted up as if he were about to burst into tears.
“You’re a liar, Itachi.”
Sasuke wasn’t angry that Itachi hadn’t taught him a new shuriken technique; 
he was angry because his time with his big brother had been cut short.
If possible, Itachi would have trained with Sasuke to his younger brother’s heart’s content
But the mission the next day was not a simple one
He wanted to cry, too
His little brother turned his face to the ground, even as he peered out at Itachi with resentful eyes Itachi waved him over, 
the clouds on Sasuke’s face were instantly cleared away
Happy footsteps ringing out in the forest, Sasuke raced over to him
“Sorry, Sasuke. Another time,”
he said, as he popped his index finger up and poked his still-moving little brother in the forehead.
“Ow!”
Sasuke closed his eyes and cried out, his progress thwarted
He looked up at Itachi, his mouth turned downward on one side. 
Whenever Sasuke got this look on his face, Itachi knew he was planning something.
“Check this out!”
Crossing both arms and readying his kunai, Sasuke smiled boldly.
“Yaaaah!”
Before Itachi had the chance to stop him, Sasuke was flying toward the target
“Hey! You’re going to hurt yourself—”
Itachi shouted, while before his eyes, Sasuke twisted his ankle, and plunged magnificently into the ground, headfirst.
On the way home 
carrying Sasuke after he hurt his ankle, Itachi walked toward the Uchiha compound in Konohagakure
Feeling the warmth of his brother on his back, the quiet time together passed peacefully
Sasuke’s aura sent out faint ripples. 
Itachi stopped, and looked at his younger brother over his shoulder.
“What’s wrong?”
“This is where Father works?”
“Konoha Military Police Force headquarters,”
Itachi answered his brother matter-of-factly, looking up at the massive concrete building, constructed with the circle as a keynote.
“This has been bothering me for a while,”
“Why is the Uchiha clan crest in the Military Police Force symbol?”
“You noticed that, huh?”
“Of course!”
Sasuke replied, straightening up; Itachi’s mouth naturally stretched into a smile.
“Right. Well, basically, our Uchiha ancestors organized and founded the Military Police Force. That’s why they integrated our crest into the symbol for the organization. The Uchiha clan has handled and maintained public order in this village for a long time. The crest is proof of our proud history,”
Itachi explained, avoiding difficult words as best he could in his attempt to fulfill his brother’s desire to learn anything and everything.
Sasuke listened silently
“Right now, the Uchiha clan is smaller, but even now, basically all of us belong to the first squadron here, and contribute to maintaining public order in the village.”
There were exceptions, like Shisui
Itachi had heard that the ninjas of the village had made an appeal, praising Shisui’s superior talents
If Shisui were to join the Military Police Force, his interactions with ninjas outside the Military Police Force would have been severely curtailed, and he would have been completely contained within the Uchiha clan’s framework
Due to entreaties from ninjas in the village who feared that outcome, Shisui had been assigned missions out in the field
However, Sasuke didn’t need to hear all that, so Itachi abandoned that line of thought
“The only ones capable of cracking down on ninja crime are even greater ninja.”
And the only one capable of bringing to a close battles started by other ninjas is an even greater ninja.
“Are you going to join too, Itachi?”
Sasuke’s innocent question pierced his heart.
I’m not
The real answer got stuck in his throat.
“Dunno. We’ll have to see.”
He could never tell his little brother about joining the Anbu for the sake of their clan, and how dissatisfied they were with the village. 
All he could do was offer some noncommittal response.
“Do it!”
Sasuke shouted, in a voice free of worry, unaware of the dark circumstances of adulthood. 
His glittering purity wrenched Itachi’s heart.
“When I grow up, I’m gonna join the Military Police Force, too!!”
Both brothers in the Military Police Force, encouraging each other in their work
Days passing like a dream
But that day will never come …
Itachi was going into the Anbu
And even if he lived in a world that would allow him to join the Military Police Force, he could never be content with that fate
His dream was to rid this world of war
The vessel of the Military Police Force was simply too small to realize something that big
“Father’s coming to my entrance ceremony tomorrow. It’s the first big step toward my dream,”
Sasuke said. Itachi’s baby brother’s dream was to work as a ninja, together with his big brother, in the Military Police Force.
Itachi was glad
But that dream would never be realized
“Yeah.”
The vague reply was all Itachi could give Sasuke.
When they passed through the gates separating the Uchiha compound from the village, Itachi abruptly felt an aura beside the wall
“You’re late. What were you up to? I want to talk to you.”
Their father, Fugaku, arms folded in front of him, was looking at Itachi.
“Let’s get home.”
“Yes, Father,”
Itachi nodded.
Their father started walking straight toward their house with a confident stride, and Itachi moved heavy feet to chase after him, his little brother still on his back
When had he become annoyed at facing his father like this?
He knew the answer
But he didn’t want to acknowledge it
His father’s room. 
Their father sat with his arms crossed before Itachi and Sasuke, sitting alongside each other.
“I’m told it’s tomorrow,”
Fugaku said abruptly.
Itachi stayed silent, feeling his heart start to pound in his chest
He knew what his father meant
Fugaku was talking about the assassination of Mukai the following day
That was what was making Itachi’s heart beat faster
Exactly how much does my father know? 
And who did he hear about the mission from?
Itachi had a vague answer to the latter question
It had to be someone close to Danzo
But why had Danzo leaked information about the mission to his father?
Doubt called up more doubt, stirring up Itachi’s heart
“Ha, ha. That’s my boy. It’s only been six months since your promotion to chunin, and you’ve already come so far.”
Itachi looked at his father silently, 
and Sasuke turned worried eyes on his older brother
“Tomorrow is a special mission … and I’ve decided to go along.”
Itachi’s heart pounded more fiercely than it had all day
But the rocking of his brother’s heart next to him was many times fiercer
Their father’s head was filled with the clan, and he had forgotten exactly how important the next day was for his younger son
Anger toward his father welled up in Itachi
“If you succeed in this mission, Itachi, your entry into the Anbu is basically secured.”
Fugaku looked at his silent son, his eyes dyed crimson.
“You know that, yes?”
Itachi was only allowed to take one person on the Mukai assassination
He had also already told Danzo that Shisui would be that one person
The fact that his father didn’t know this meant that he didn’t know the particulars of the mission
He had likely only been told the day the mission was to be carried out
Fugaku despised the village, and here he was being toyed with, via information brought in from the village
His father seemed so pitiable to him, Itachi could hardly stand it
A mission that required him to be ready to die
It had to be Shisui by his side
He would not allow his father’s interference
“You don’t have to worry so much. Besides …”
Itachi looked at Sasuke. 
Even though he was likely on the verge of bursting out into loud sobs, his wise little brother was pushing back his own feelings and smiling.
“It’s all right, Itachi …”
He felt as though he could hear Sasuke’s voice in his head.
A smile spread across Itachi’s lips, and he put his words into his eyes.
“Tell him …  Tomorrow is a big day for you, right?”
He gave the smaller boy a push with the power in his eyes.
“Dad … Tomorrow is my—”
“Tomorrow’s mission is a very important one for the Uchiha clan!”
His little brother’s courage was shattered by the hard words of their father, his mind focused on nothing but the clan
Sasuke lowered his head, a frozen look on his face, as he desperately held back his tears
Itachi’s anger toward his father surpassed his limits
Was the clan that important? 
Did he not care about Sasuke?
All that Itachi saw in his father’s eyes was the future of the clan
The man hadn’t given a single thought to the fact that his elder son was about to go on a possibly fatal mission
And he didn’t even see his younger son
How could he ever win against Konohagakure with such a narrow outlook?
Itachi hated all of it
“You know, I’m not going on the mission tomorrow, after all,”
“Have you lost your mind?! You know how important tomorrow is! What on earth are you saying?!”
“I’m going to Sasuke’s entrance ceremony at the academy tomorrow.”
His father caught his breath
At that moment, for the first time, Fugaku remembered what Sasuke was doing the following day
This, too, made Itachi so angry, he could hardly stand it
It was sad
“It’s customary for relatives to attend. You must have gotten the notice … Father.”
Itachi was serious when he said he was abandoning the mission. 
Those words came from the bottom of his heart, and were no lie.
His father tried to understand this. 
After a fleeting silence flowed through the room, he let out an exasperated sigh.
“All right. Enough. I’ll go to the academy.”
Fugaku then stood and walked toward the dinner table, where their mother was waiting
Itachi and Sasuke followed him out of the room
From the garden came the dry sound of the bamboo rocker arm of the shishi-odoshi clacking against the stone
Itachi knew that now that he had said all that, his father would absolutely go to Sasuke’s entrance ceremony
His son’s entry into the Anbu was the first step toward realizing the dearest wishes of the clan
He couldn’t make a mess of it over Sasuke’s entrance ceremony
It was precisely because Itachi couldn’t have his father come along on the mission that he had seriously intended to go to Sasuke’s entrance ceremony
And being sick and tired of everything, wanting to go to the academy, none of that was a lie, either
But still, he couldn’t actually give up on accomplishing the mission with Shisui
Joining the Anbu was not a foothold to realizing the dreams of his clan
It was a modest step toward realizing his own dream of becoming the most skilled ninja in the world in order to get rid of all fighting
He had no intention of giving up on that
And to that end, he had used his little brother
He despaired of himself
Although it had been decided that their father would take part in the entrance ceremony after all, Sasuke seemed to feel responsible for the stormy air between Itachi and Fugaku, and he trailed quietly behind his older brother
Itachi looked at him over his shoulder, and hiding his own feelings of guilt, he said,
“Make sure you really ice that ankle.”
Did his face stiffen up as he smiled when he said that? 
“All right,”
his younger brother replied, a complicated look on his face.
Itachi had no idea what to say to Sasuke at that moment
“It’s no exaggeration to say that I live for that kid,”
Kohinata Mukai said, blowing cigarette smoke out into the air, while Itachi held his breath before him. 
In the hand not holding the cigarette, Mukai clutched a silver bottle of sake.
The three ninjas stood looking at each other, surrounded by more than ten Kirigakure ninja sprawled out on the ground, 
unconscious
They had all been defeated by Itachi and Shisui alone
“Surrender quietly, Kohinata Mukai,”
Shisui said, from beside Itachi. 
The comma-shaped marks of the sharingan had already popped up in his eyes.
Hanging his head to avoid those sharingan, Mukai let an ironic smile slip across his face.
“Shisui of the Body Flicker, I mean, you’re a well-known ninja. But still, well, I always got the impression you only walked in places where the sun hits. Or …”
He stopped suddenly, and drank from the silver bottle.
“… is it that you’re still just a kid?”
Mukai opened only his right eye, and sneered. 
His condescending attitude forced a line to carve itself out between Shisui’s eyebrows.
“You know what I’ve done. So you should know whether or not I’d be allowed to turn myself in.”
A flick of Mukai’s thumb, and ashes fell from his cigarette.
“That I would get for my assassins the two prodigies of the Uchiha clan, at the height of their popularity, is truly the greatest honor.”
He tossed his cigarette in the portable ashtray he pulled out of his pouch, 
and then put the cap on the silver bottle, before tucking it away in the pocket of his vest.
“Real serious situation here,”
he murmured, his chakra suddenly increasing dramatically.
His Shadow Clones had returned
When Mukai’s chakra grew in volume, Itachi released his own Shadow Clone, standing watch at Konoha Hospital
“Now that he knows the dad he was talking to ’til just a minute ago was a Shadow Clone, my son’s prob’ly angry.”
Mukai glared at the two ninjas in front of him as he scratched his head.
“Now I’m gonna have to make some kind of excuses when I get home.”
He dropped his hips low, and readied himself with his palms at chest-height, in the manner particular to Gentle Fist.
“Why would a ninja as good as you be a spy?”
“When you get old, things happen. You can’t understand what those things are until you get some years on you. So even if I did tell you why, you’d only get half of it.”
“If you die, what happens to your son in the hospital?”
“Because of those things I mentioned, I can’t be dying here. Even if you guys were to kill me.”
Countless lines raced out from Mukai’s left eye all around him.
“Byakugan!”
Itachi shouted, but Shisui was already flying backwards to get some distance from Mukai.
“I can’t go easy on you. Forgive me.”
Mukai’s voice reached Itachi’s ears.
At once, the distance between them closed
With incredible speed, right and left palms came flying toward Itachi’s throat and solar plexus simultaneously
When Mukai’s sword hand stabbed into Itachi’s stomach, reaching for his solar plexus, Mukai bent his index and middle fingers inside Itachi’s body
“Hah!”
Mukai spat out a breath that was a battle cry, and his sword hand yanked out Itachi’s intestines.
Instantly, 
the Itachi standing there with his guts ripped out transformed into an overwhelming number of crows, and danced upward
Rather than try to avoid the beaks attacking him, Mukai endured it with an elegant turn of the head, as though nothing were happening
Shisui was creeping up behind him.
“Fire Style! Great Fireball Technique!”
He quickly wove the signs, and a ball of fire large enough to swallow Mukai shot out of his mouth.
Mukai faced the ball of flames dead on, still standing with the palm of his right hand thrust out in front of his face
Direct hit
No
The ball of flames split perfectly into two in front of him
It didn’t look like he had executed some kind of jutsu
And it wasn’t as though his body were cloaked in some kind of special aura
To Itachi, it was like the ball of flames itself had decided to split on its own in front of the man
“Gentle Fist cuts off enemy chakra. Using it means being very familiar with that flow. Jutsu are the embodiment of chakra. If you can read the flow, it’s not so tough to split it,”
Mukai explained with a grin, and raced toward Shisui.
Shisui’s face darkened
Even if he did have above-average physical jutsus, his opponent was a user of Gentle Fist, 
a technique far beyond the level of a physical jutsu
It was no wonder Shisui looked gloomy
Itachi watched from a distance on high as the battle unfolded
Inside the domain of the Land of Fire, three or so hours to the north of Konohagakure, 
the three ninjas were fighting in a small basin surrounded by slightly elevated mountains
Not a single blade of grass grew on the rocky mountains, and there were any number of places for a lone person to hide
Itachi had slipped behind a convenient rock, and was watching over the other two as they fought
It had only been his Shadow Clone up against Mukai
Itachi hadn’t moved from this place since the fight started
Their opponent was a user of Gentle Fist
It was almost too difficult to strike the killing blow in close combat
This contest would be decided by a single long-distance blow
Sharingan was a visual jutsu
Users put their own chakra into their eyes, and ensnared opponents in the jutsu
In other words, as long as Itachi could see the fight, he could ensnare his enemy in the jutsu
Eyes meeting was not something that happened only subconsciously
Expecting no particular trouble, an enemy would let their gaze race around the scene
As long as that optical axis and the optical axis of the jutsu user were in alignment, it was possible to create a situation in which the enemy’s gaze would intersect with the jutsu user’s, without the enemy’s even being aware of it
Itachi was waiting for that moment
And to that end, Shisui had dared to take on dangerous close-range combat, trying his best to get Mukai in alignment with Itachi’s optical axis
If Itachi could just activate the visual jutsu of the sharingan, they could make this work
If they managed to pry open one small seam in Mukai’s mind, Itachi could use that as a foothold, and gradually push his visual jutsu to encroach ever further
The problem was that first step
In addition to his vast experience, Mukai was a user of the byakugan, a kekkei genkai that allowed the flow of chakra to be sensed visually; 
naturally, he understood what the sharingan was, and could do
Itachi and Shisui had adopted this strategy to break down those tall walls
Just barely dodging Mukai’s left thrust, Shisui threw his torso back
Given the perfect opportunity, Mukai pressed in on the younger man
Shisui leapt backward, as if in flight
In that instant, Mukai’s face was turned toward the rock Itachi was hiding behind
But their optical axes still had not intersected
Mukai turned his gaze toward Shisui as he landed, and then abruptly averted his eyes
The sharingan had been activated
Naturally, Shisui’s sharingan had been a feint
The place toward which Mukai had turned his face was in the exact direction of the rock concealing Itachi
Itachi’s gaze, his mind sharply focused on his enemy, and Mukai’s gaze, unconsciously taking Itachi in, intersected
Or they should have
When they were a hair’s breadth apart, Mukai kicked suddenly at the ground and flew upward
An incredible leap
When he landed, he kicked at another rock, and bounded into the sky again
Itachi’s hiding spot had been found out
In the previous instant, Mukai had noticed Itachi’s presence with the power of the byakugan
He had probably also understood in that moment that Itachi’s sharingan had been activated
Perhaps to confirm his own hunch, or perhaps to draw Itachi out into the fight—either way, 
Mukai was leaping straight toward the rock where Itachi was hiding
Itachi didn’t fail to notice Shisui standing behind him, grinning, 
before his friend disappeared
Shisui next appeared in front of Mukai
“Tch!”
Clicking his tongue, Mukai was knocked back into the rock wall rising up perpendicularly, 
as Shisui’s kick ripped into his face. 
His skull split open.
Or so Itachi thought, before his eyes took in a splintered log.
“Shadow Clone!”
“Right …”
He heard Mukai behind him.
Gentle Fist stance
“Eight Trigrams Two Palms.”
The heels of his right and left palms slammed into Itachi’s stomach in succession.
“Eight Trigrams Four Palms.”
Before Itachi had a chance to breathe, this time, four blows slammed into him.
“Eight Trigrams Eight Palms.”
As if sneering at Itachi’s brain as it fumbled for the start of a counterattack, Mukai assaulted him mercilessly with successive attacks.
“Ngaaaaah!”
Itachi heard a cry from Mukai’s right side. 
The byakugan’s blind spot.
In the corner of Itachi’s hazy field of view, Shisui launched a flying kick
“Shisui …”
Itachi had the leeway to murmur his friend’s name, because Mukai had dropped into a defensive posture.
No. 
The word “defensive” was too simple. 
As Mukai dodged the kick merely by angling his head, he grabbed hold of Shisui’s neck with his outstretched left hand, and held him up high, 
lifting the sturdy body of the young man with a single arm.
Strangled like this, Shisui struggled frantically
But the five fingers sunk into his throat simply would not peel away
“There’s this thing called ‘training’ that you do to overcome your weak points. 
The first step in my training was to compensate for the byakugan’s blind spot in one eye, with physical jutsu. Don’t underestimate this old man, brats.”
“Kohinata Mukai …”
Unconsciously, Itachi called the name of the powerful enemy before him. 
His feet had also taken a step forward without him realizing it.
“What? You want me to kill him?”
It was easy to see why he’d think that
Beaten hard by Gentle Fist, the flow of chakra in his body interrupted, what kind of counterattack could Itachi have left? 
Moving forward without any kind of plan was basically an act of masochism
However, Itachi’s feet would not stop moving
Even though he didn’t remember telling them to do so, they continued to walk artlessly toward Mukai
“Then I’ll put him out of his misery, as requested!”
“Hngh!”
The hand around Shisui’s throat tightened its grip
Mukai was going to crush his Adam’s apple
“Stop!”
Itachi shouted, and the sharingan in his eyes glittered.
“There’s no way that sort of obvious genjutsu is going to work on me,”
Mukai said, turning his face away from Itachi.
Before the man’s eyes was Itachi’s friend’s face
“Mangekyo sharingan,”
Shisui murmured. 
The eyes of his friend, now crimson, took on a shape unlike any other sharingan Itachi had ever seen.
Normally, the sharingan had a small black dot in the center of the eye, and in the circle around that, the snake tails of magatama-shaped specks popped up
The power differed depending on the number of magatamas, but the form itself was common to the entire clan
But Shisui’s was different
The three commas of the magatama were enlarged and connected, and the small black dot in the center had disappeared, leaving a crimson hollow
If the ratio of red to black in a normal sharingan was eight to two, then Shisui’s eyes at that moment appeared to be a fifty-fifty struggle for supremacy
Most likely, the intersection of the gazes of Shisui and Mukai had lasted less than a thousandth of a second
For a normal sharingan, the user couldn’t be certain of capturing his opponent in a moment that short
Shisui had not missed that fleeting instant
Mukai had definitely been ensnared in the genjutsu
“Mukai!”
Shisui shouted, dumbfounded, the hand around his throat releasing him at last. 
Before his eyes, Mukai fell, a spray of blood shooting from his stomach.
Itachi stared, rooted to the spot
Mukai had cut his own stomach
The instant Shisui’s sharingan had been activated, Mukai had stiffened slightly, and pulled a kunai from his pocket to slash a cross into his own belly
“Hold on, Mukai!”
Shisui shouted, crouching down to cradle the ninja’s head.
“I’m a spy for another village. Any interference with my brain, and a jutsu that makes me end my own life is executed. You can’t save me.”
Mukai coughed, and blood spilled out of his mouth.
“I-I’ve never seen anyone caught in a genjutsu in that short a time before …  What the hell was that?”
Shisui didn’t answer
“Uchiha secret jutsu, huh?”
Shisui faltered, and Itachi glanced at him before addressing Mukai.
“Do you have anything you want to say?”
“S-so, this is where we’re at …  I did what I did on my own. My wife and kid had nothing to do with it …”
“So, you’re saying the crime of treason was yours alone?”
“Totally selfish, but, well …”
With a trembling hand, Mukai groped for something in his pocket.
Itachi pushed aside Mukai’s fingers, and pulled out the object he was fumbling for
He grabbed a cigarette from the package, and put it between the man’s lips
“L-light …”
This time, Shisui pulled the lighter from Mukai’s pocket, and held the flame to the end of the cigarette
Mukai took a long drag, letting the smoke flow down to the bottom of his lungs, before exhaling the smoke as though relishing the taste
“This is how a ninja dies, you know? I’ll be waiting for you over there …”
Mukai’s hand dropped, cigarette still between his fingers, and he stopped moving.
“It’s over,”
Shisui said, his voice shaking with exhaustion.
Itachi nodded.
“That sharingan …”
“Will you keep quiet about it to the guys in the village?”
Shisui murmured, still staring at Mukai.
“Yeah.”
“Mangekyo sharingan,”
Shisui said, and his eyes showed once again the strange pattern.
“When the time comes, I’ll tell you—just you—everything.”
Itachi felt an irresistible attraction to the unknown power secreted away in his friend
“Team Ro, hm?”
Danzo muttered, gaze trained on the paper before him as Itachi stood at attention and watched.
They were in Danzo’s room of the house given to the Foundation
Sitting in front of the ebony desk, Danzo rested the elbow of his left arm on the armrest, and held the papers in his right hand, not even glancing at Itachi
“The team leader is Hatake Kakashi, hm?”
“Yes,”
Itachi replied, briefly.
He had been curious this whole time about the man standing beside Danzo.
A Foundation member in a white tiger mask
It wasn’t anything particular about the man or the mask
He was just curious
The eyes on the other side of the round holes in the white mask had been staring at Itachi, almost glaring at him
For some reason, the treacherous gaze unsettled him
“He is an excellent ninja,”
Danzo said, almost a declaration.
Hatake Kakashi …
Itachi had been saved by him not long after he became a ninja
On a mission to guard the daimyo of the Land of Fire, they were attacked by an unknown man, and Itachi’s teammate Tenma had been killed
His sharingan not yet awakened, Itachi had been prepared for death, faced with the overwhelming difference in power between himself and the man
However, the man had suddenly muttered Kakashi’s name, and vanished
Even now, Itachi didn’t really understand why the man had disappeared
Just that he had definitely murmured Kakashi’s name, and vanished
But Itachi had no way of knowing now if it was because the man was afraid of Kakashi, or if it was for some other reason
“He has a darkness inside. This is the most important element for the Anbu.”
Darkness … 
Do I have that too? 
Itachi questioned himself
“Rest assured. You also have plenty of darkness,”
Danzo said, almost as though he had seen right through Itachi. 
Having come into contact with Danzo any number of times now, Itachi wasn’t particularly surprised. 
The man excelled at discerning other people’s mental states; it was a simple thing to jump ahead with suppositions to a certain extent, and reply to unspoken thoughts. 
That was all Danzo was doing.
“Prepare a transfer celebration,”
Danzo said, dropping the paper and standing up. 
He tucked his ebony chair under the desk of the same material, stood next to Tiger Mask, and looked at Itachi. 
And then he placed a hand on the man’s shoulder, and a rare sunny smile spread across his face.
“This man is going to be on loan to Team Ro.”
Although Danzo’s Foundation was also a part of the Anbu, it had a different chain of command and leadership from the Anbu, which was under the direct control of the third Hokage; the two organizations were completely separate
Itachi had heard that because of this, they didn’t regularly exchange information or personnel
“Don’t worry. I naturally obtained Hiruzen’s permission,”
Danzo offered, as if reading his mind once more. 
No matter how many times that Itachi heard that arrogant way of speaking, he could never grow to like it.
“Nice to meet you. My name is Sugaru,”
the man in the tiger mask abruptly said. 
His voice was mixed with a dry rustling sound, as if something was stuck in his throat, making it hard to hear what he was saying.
“Sugaru had a serious illness in his throat when he was young, and he hasn’t been able to speak that well since.”
“Missions which require talking are difficult, but other than that, I will do anything.”
There was a strange quality to his voice, but his tone was light. 
He seemed to have a friendly nature.
“You can use this man as your hands and feet.”
“Hands and feet?”
“Yes,”
Sugaru replied to Itachi’s question to Danzo.
“I am a member of the Foundation. Master Danzo’s orders are absolute. So, if I am ordered to be the hands and feet of Itachi, I am prepared to give my life for you, even if you are younger than me,”
he noted, with a deadpan look that implied sarcasm.
Itachi didn’t even smile as he stared at Danzo.
“I can make it in the Anbu by myself.”
“Don’t take this too seriously. At best, Sugaru is on loan to Team Ro. Your team leader Kakashi doesn’t know about this. And you needn’t even be aware of Sugaru. But he will always be keeping you safe.”
“Keeping me safe? Are you saying that someone is targeting me?”
“The first Uchiha Anbu, a mere eleven years old. That position’s plenty to inspire prejudice and jealousy.”
He had indeed been baptized by the kunai of his comrades on the road from the training ground that was the venue for the meet-and-greet with Team Ro
It wasn’t as though any of them had hit him, but kunai had come raining down on him endlessly from the air
A wordless force to block his path to the training ground
Itachi hadn’t avoided them or protested, but simply walked through them indifferently
After realizing what his comrades had done, Kakashi had scolded them, but there wasn’t one person who was really sorry for what they’d done
“I value you. I won’t have you dying young because of the jealousy of your teammates, or some such.”
“No matter who attacks me—”
“Do not underestimate the ninjas of the Anbu.”
Danzo cut Itachi off.
“The closer you get to the center of the village, the more people you will encounter who do not have a favorable impression of the Uchiha. It’s entirely plausible that some of them might try to kill you, and make it look like you died during a mission. And if you died, what would your clan think?”
“Impossible …”
“I’m saying that that impossible situation is entirely possible.”
Danzo nodded deeply, as if to affirm Itachi’s thinking.
Itachi dies on a mission
His father and the others suspect a plot on the part of the villagers
Itachi’s death would be the perfect trigger for an explosion, for those dissatisfied with the position of the clan within the village
When Itachi thought about the fact that his own death could become the trigger for a coup d’état, he felt a shiver run up his spine
“You’re already in a position of serious responsibility with both the Uchiha clan and in the village.”
Danzo moved away from Sugaru, and came around the desk to stand next to Itachi, before placing a gentle hand on his shoulder.
“You must be a bridge connecting the village and the clan for me. Live a long time, Itachi.”
Danzo said the same sort of things his father had said
Konohagakure and the Uchiha clan …
Was this a relationship of equals?
The Uchiha clan were also people living in the village of Konohagakure
In which case, wasn’t the antagonistic nature of their relationship unnatural right from the start? Why didn’t Konoha have complete rule over the Uchiha clan? 
Why did the clan harbor such dissatisfaction toward the village, despite the fact that the brethren of the clan had even been given the right to self-governance?
A presence to connect the two
As his father put it, a pipeline
In Danzo’s words, a bridge
They were the same thing
“I will protect you. You fulfill your duties in the Anbu without worry, Uchiha Itachi,”
Danzo told him smugly.
Itachi bowed slightly, before quickly leaving the room
“It’s been a while, huh?”
Izumi said, her head hanging.
Itachi was in a small park in the clan compound in the evening
He had joined the Anbu without incident, and finished his report to Danzo
At the entrance to the compound, he had run into Izumi, on her way home from a mission
Without either of them inviting the other, they naturally turned toward the park
Izumi got on a swing, while Itachi sat down on the bench behind her
“Sorry about that time.”
“That time?”
Itachi asked in response.
Izumi looked back at him over her shoulder, as she swung back and forth.
“You know, at the tea shop in the village.”
He remembered
Izumi was apologizing for getting mad and flying out of the shop
They hadn’t actually talked—just the two of them—since then
All kinds of things had happened in the intervening days, and Itachi honestly hadn’t had the time to think about her
So, he had completely forgotten about the incident in the tea shop until that very minute
To start with, though, even if she was apologizing now, Itachi hadn’t been angry at all at the time, so it wasn’t as though he had anything to forgive her for
“I’m the one who should apologize,”
“Why would you have to apologize, Itachi?”
“I didn’t think it was bothering you that much.”
“Ha, ha!”
Izumi faced forward again, and pumped harder on the swing.
“What?”
“I was just thinking that’s so like you,”
she said in a bright voice, seemingly in a better mood now. 
Her feelings shifted so abruptly that Itachi couldn’t keep up.
Not wanting to take her off this cheerful track, he tried to change the subject.
“How was your mission?”
“No big deal compared with you,”
she said, and kicked at the swing to fly up into the air. 
She did a somersault, and landed beautifully. 
Spreading out her slender arms, Izumi turned around.
“They just use me however I’m handy, like taking care of the daimyo’s wife’s pets, or helping move the Land of Fire admin to a new office, and stuff.”
“That’s it, huh?”
Itachi’s mouth naturally spread into a smile. 
He was relieved that she hadn’t been on any dangerous missions. 
He deliberately tried not to look at the answer to the question of why he was relieved.
Itachi himself thought he was still half a person as a ninja
Which is why he didn’t have the mental leeway to think seriously about Izumi
“Walking down the same path as the person you like …  Maybe I shouldn’t want that.”
He had understood Izumi’s feelings when she said that before running off
But he couldn’t respond to them
“Hey, Itachi?”
“What?”
“If …  so just like, what if, all right? If you hadn’t become a ninja, what would you be?”
“I never thought about it.”
Itachi had been born to ninja parents, 
and he had never had any doubts about becoming a ninja himself. 
He believed that only ninjas could gain the power required to realize his dream of ridding this world of war. 
So, he was unable to think of a path other than becoming a ninja.
“You haven’t?”
Izumi hung her head sadly.
“I heard you joined the Anbu.”
“You did?”
“Everyone in the compound knows.”
The Anbu was a deeply secretive division
The village also wished that the ninjas who belonged to it would not make themselves known, to the extent that that was possible
And yet, Itachi’s posting to the Anbu was already spreading throughout the compound
The idea that this showed the strength of the solidarity of the clan was a nice one, but was it really all right for so much information to be leaked? The clan were so quick to mention a coup-d’état—what would they do if the people in the village were to hear of it?
“Hey, Itachi?”
Izumi’s voice brought him back to reality.
“I’m scared.”
“Of what?”
“I feel like you’re getting further and further away.”
He felt something touch his chest suddenly. 
Izumi’s head rested there, below his own.
“I-Izumi …”
“I-I’m sorry, Itachi. But just let me stay like this a little longer.”
Unable to do anything else, Itachi simply waited for Izumi to calm down again
“We’re still eleven years old. But, Itachi, you’re already …  Where are you going, Itachi?”
“I’m not going anywhere.”
Probably … 
He swallowed that last word
“A little anticlimatic, isn’t it?”
the man in the fox mask asked, 
standing next to the simple door opposite Itachi as if to keep the door between them. 
When Itachi stayed silent, the man added,
“Well, just because it’s the Anbu doesn’t mean it’s all dangerous missions. Guarding the Hokage is a legitimate mission, too.”
“I know that,”
Itachi replied, matter-of-factly. 
Like the man, his face was covered with a fox mask. In contrast with the almond eyes of the man’s mask, 
however, the holes that opened up in the position of Itachi’s eyes were round.
The name of the man in the mask with the almond eyes was Hatake Kakashi
He was the leader of Anbu Team Ro, and Itachi’s direct supervisor
Although he was still young, at twenty years old, he had already been a member of the village’s elite Anbu for eight years
He was talented, and the Hokage trusted him implicitly
Itachi had known about him for a while
The time Tenma died …
It was this very Kakashi who had come to help Itachi
And if he had shown up a little sooner, Tenma might not have died
Ninjas focused only on reality and results. 
The fact that Tenma was dead was something that could not be reversed. 
Itachi had no intention, at this late date, of thinking about these sorts of “what-ifs,”
and layering on the reproaches.
“You remember the basic tactics of the Anbu?”
Kakashi lobbed an innocuous question his way. He was a good supervisor, carefully considering the feelings of his young new subordinate.
Friend-killer
The phrase of choice for people looking to badmouth Kakashi
Itachi had heard it any number of times since he joined the Anbu
However, every time, it had been from someone older than Kakashi satisfied with their subordinates
It was nothing more than an insult stemming from annoyance or jealousy
“If it was to complete the mission, Team Leader Kakashi would even kill his friends.”
The faces of those uttering this ugly abuse were always mean.
At that very moment, Kakashi was being extra attentive to Itachi, who had only just joined the Anbu; he was intently searching for a way to start a conversation
“I’ve got the basics in my head,”
“No surprise there.”
For Itachi, who had read every document he could get ahold of on the use of small ninja teams, the particular strategies of the Anbu were extremely fascinating
Four-person teams, three-person teams, two-person teams
Even what action to take as a solitary ninja
The list of practical tactics—from constant offensive positioning, to exploring the possibilities for the completion of the mission—was comprehensive, including every situation a ninja might encounter on a mission
Everything from feints and disturbances to defensive formations and cooperation had been honed and specialized to crush the enemy and execute the mission
Spurred on by his intellectual curiosity, Itachi had devoured the thick Anbu tactical books in a single night
“There’s clearly a reason why they called you a prodigy when you came to the academy,”
“I’m not sure if the youngest graduate ever can really say anything here.”
“When I graduated, it was in the middle of the Great War, and they needed ninjas. The situation’s different now.”
Now that Kakashi mentioned it, the current system at the academy was different from how it had been when Itachi graduated
The Great War and its aftereffects still lingered when he graduated
Because of that, once his actual abilities were recognized, he was skipped ahead, leading to his early graduation
But now that it was a time of peace, the Hokage was determined that ninjas must be carefully cultivated over a number of years, and it was no longer possible to graduate in a short time, as it had been in the past
Thus, no matter how talented Sasuke was, he couldn’t become a ninja until he was eleven years old
“It’s only in my head. Once I actually try moving with my comrades, I won’t be able to say that I studied anything.”
“You’ll be fine,”
Kakashi said, almost as though he had seen it already. 
In his voice, Itachi heard no excessive expectation or irresponsibility from carelessness or pride. 
His voice was completely casual. 
Which was exactly why it was mysteriously persuasive.
“I’m hoping that the Anbu will become a place of pride for you.”
“Thank you.”
A supervisor I can count on … 
There was something about this man Kakashi that made him think that
No matter how many times I come here, I never grow to like it …
In the main building of the shrine, dominated by heat, Itachi took a deep breath through his nose
Filling the space all around him were the brethren of the clan
The regular meeting
Now that Izumi was a genin, she was there, too
Since she was the same age as he was, and because he was still a novice, Itachi was in a lower seat in the same row as her, 
separated by a few people
Perhaps overwhelmed by the heat, she was still, her face lowered
He wanted to call out to her, but with the heat, and the main building actually falling silent at that moment, there was a wordless pressure that would not allow him to do anything so rash as that
“Well, then, let’s begin.”
His father stood up from his seat in the front row, and turned toward everyone gathered in the hall. 
Those present held their breath, and waited for Fugaku to speak. 
The scene was like the founder of some religious sect and his believers.
The leader, burdened with the resentment of the clan … 
This was the dark face of Itachi’s father, Fugaku
“It has been officially decided that my son Itachi will join the Anbu. He has already begun to carry out missions as a member.”
A quiet cheer echoed through the shrine
“Now we have a pipeline connecting our clan with the center of the village. No longer will we simply receive from the village; we will also actively investigate, ourselves.”
It wouldn’t be his father doing that
“Itachi,”
Fugaku called his son’s name.
Without a sound, Itachi got to his feet, and waited for his father to speak again
“You have joined the Anbu. Have you noticed anything?”
The question was much too vague, confusing Itachi
The villagers were prejudiced against the clan, and did not think well of them
That was likely the answer his father was hoping for
And in fact, his comrades in the Anbu had not celebrated Itachi joining them; there were even some who made a show of their displeasure
But he couldn’t say without reservations that this was simply because he was a member of the Uchiha clan
At eleven years of age, Itachi’s youth was another source of irritation
“It is a fact that the people of the village are wary of the Uchiha clan, and do not think well of us,”
“It is!”
Once Itachi offered the answer his father was seeking, a sympathetic voice called out from the seats.
“But,”
Itachi continued, giving his voice extra weight as if to push back the hasty hooting,
“that said, I don’t feel any active hatred, no persecution of the clan. At best, I believe their feelings are the sort of worries and jealousies that anyone has.”
As his father listened with arms crossed, only his right eyebrow twitched upward.
“This worry and jealousy you mention can come together, and be twisted into a bigger emotion.”
As if to agree with his father, the brethren began to chatter, and make a commotion
To push through the voices of the crowd, Itachi concentrated his strength in the bottom of his belly, and spat out,
“If you add on backward predictions like that, anything can be reduced to a negative phenomenon!”
As if to stand in the way of his father, silently glaring at him, a single man stood up
His father’s trusted retainer, Yashiro
“Hey, Itachi!”
he called, his narrow eyes gleaming murderously. 
Silently, Itachi turned to his father’s confidant.
“You’re really siding with the village here, aren’t you? Whose ally are you anyway, the village’s, or the clan’s? Maybe your judgment’s a bit dull after joining the Anbu—getting a little full of yourself?”
“It’s better not to force things into a framework with words,”
“What?”
“Enemy. Ally.”
“If you differentiate between things with the tool of words, you lose sight of the true situation. You’re forced to step into places you shouldn’t.”
“I don’t have time for this incomprehensible back and forth. Whose ally are you, Uchiha Itachi?!”
Yashiro’s angry roar returned the main shrine to silence.
“It’s obvious, isn’t it?”
Itachi glared at his father’s retainer.
“I am a member of the Uchiha clan.”
“You got a sec?”
The meeting over, Itachi was walking home a little ways behind his father. 
Fugaku looked back, curious at Itachi’s suddenly stopping, and saw his son’s good friend there.
“What’s wrong, Shisui?”
“I wanted to talk with your son for a minute.”
Fugaku looked at Shisui and Itachi in turn, before saying simply,
“Don’t be too late,”
and walking off into the night by himself.
“Shisui.”
Itachi said his friend’s name once they were alone together.
“I understand how you feel so well, it hurts.”
His friend’s brow furrowed, and he looked vexed from the bottom of his heart.
“Yashiro’s the leader of the group pushing for a coup. To that man, all the people of the village are enemies.”
The abuse Itachi had been showered with earlier still echoed in his ears
He lowered his face, as if to look away from the image of Yashiro that rose up in the back of his mind
“Since it looked like you were going into the Anbu, I did some maneuvering of my own.”
“What do you mean?”
“I talked directly with the Hokage, and obtained the authority to independently investigate the true state of affairs in the clan.”
What did investigating the true state of affairs in the clan mean? 
Itachi was confused, not immediately understanding what his friend was saying; Shisui opened his mouth again, as if understanding that
“I’ve been taken off my regular duties, to make sure the clan doesn’t get any more riled up. Their dissatisfaction is going to explode. The Hokage promised that I could act at my own discretion to prevent that, and gave me a position in the Anbu. But that’s just in name only. In the end, I report directly to the Hokage, so your dad and the others don’t know about my joining the Anbu. Even inside, only a few people know.”
“You actually went to the Lord Hokage?”
“Relax. I didn’t say anything about the coup.”
If the village found out about the clan’s scheming, Itachi could see that they would no longer be able to continue as they had up to that point, with each keeping the other in check
“Itachi, we’re gonna keep fighting to stop the clan from exploding. You from inside the Anbu, and me as a ninja, reporting directly to the Lord Hokage.”
“No matter what happens, I’ll never forget my promise with you.”
Shisui thrust a fist out. 
Itachi stuck his own out to touch it.
“Above all else, we have to make them stop with the coup, at least,”
Shisui said firmly.
Itachi nodded in agreement
Itachi didn’t want to believe what he saw before his eyes
In a windowless room in the basement of the building given to the Anbu, monitors were crowded together, 
their screens full of sights familiar to Itachi
“The Nine Tails incident. The village officials suspected Uchiha involvement,”
Kakashi remarked, standing beside him. Itachi listened, staring at the monitors
“Not satisfied with just isolating the clan compound on the edge of the village, they started monitoring everything in the compound, twenty-four seven.”
“And that’s this room?”
“It is.”
His Anbu comrades were controlling the images with the countless buttons and levers in front of the monitors
He couldn’t see the expressions on their faces because of the masks they wore, but despite this, he felt fairly certain that they were relaxed
That was the extent to which his comrades had let down their guard
And no wonder
For them, this was a monotonous job, simply staring at monitors
They didn’t give a thought to how monumental it was for the Uchiha clan
“So, we can see everything?”
“We don’t need to check on each and every little thing, but basically.”
“I understand. I will under no circumstances inform the clan.”
There was no way he could tell them
If they found out that every corner of the compound was being monitored twenty-four hours a day, the rage his father and the others felt would become even more intense
It would simply add ample fuel to the fire for those who were clamoring for a coup
Itachi had been sent to the Anbu by his father as a spy to investigate the true state of affairs in the village
If he were to faithfully fulfill that role, he should report this fact to the clan immediately
The moment he abandoned the idea of telling them, he abandoned the idea that he was a clan spy
“From now on, you’re going to be monitoring here all day.”
“You’re telling me to watch my clan comrades?”
Abruptly, the man in the monkey mask, who had been sitting in front of the monitors, listening quietly to the exchange between Kakashi and Itachi, stood up.
“Whether they’re your clan comrades or not, a mission is a mission. Your clan drew in sNine Tails. So they’re being monitored. Accept reality, newbie.”
“Kou.”
Kakashi spoke the name of the man in the mask reprovingly.
Their colleague next to Kou whirled around in his chair, and turned his mask toward Kakashi. 
It was the round face of a cat.
“His little sister was killed by the Nine Tails. So he doesn’t have the best impression of the Uchiha clan.”
“Don’t involve your personal feelings in a mission,”
Kakashi told them.
“I understand. I’m sorry.”
Kou came closer, head hanging. He bowed neatly, and passed by Kakashi.
“All right, you’re up, newbie,”
he said, unhappily.
The round face of the cat trailed after him
“Oh, you’re here, good,”
Kakashi said, looking at the door the two men had disappeared through.
Standing in front of it was the ninja who had been with Danzo, Sugaru
It had already been just over four hours since Kakashi left
Sugaru had not said a single word
Itachi had never been particularly good at small talk anyway, so he didn’t find the silence painful
The time simply passed, with the two of them staring intently at the monitors
It was pure chance that he saw it
Although it was his mission, Itachi’s blood was not cold enough to allow him to coolly watch over the lives of his brethren
He frequently switched the monitor image before his eyes, trying as much as possible not to stay in one place
By viewing a series of moments like this, he managed to maintain his presence of mind somehow
He had trained to memorize a scene with a single glance, so Itachi was confident that he was amply executing his professional duties
At one of these momentary fragments, he felt the faintest sense that something was off, and he stopped his hand
The composition he expected, from the gates of Nakano Shrine
The stone paving of the path stretched straight out from the stone gates to the main building of the shrine
But the space precisely in the middle, between the gates and the main building, looked slightly twisted to Itachi’s eyes
Just for a fraction of a second
The scene in the monitor had already regained its stillness
It had been a faint disturbance that Sugaru most likely hadn’t noticed
If anyone else had seen it, they would no doubt have thought it was simply the wind shaking the camera
But Itachi had seen that disturbance before
The scene near the center of the stone paving had been disturbed by a vortex centered on one point
Almost like the surrounding space was being sucked into that point
The man in the mask …
The phenomenon shown on the monitor was exactly the same as the jutsu the man in the mask had used when he escaped after he attacked Itachi and his team, during the mission to guard the daimyo of the Land of Fire
“Why would that man …”
Itachi muttered carelessly, before he noticed Sugaru’s presence, and regretted it. 
But Sugaru’s attention was focused on the monitor before him.
Annoyed by his own inexperience, Itachi dove once more into the sea of his thoughts
When Tenma died, Itachi had clearly seen the right eye of the man, shining behind the mask
A black dot floated in the center of a crimson eye, three comma-shaped magatamas in the concentric circles
He was certain that the man’s right eye had been a sharingan
Which meant that he was a member of the Uchiha clan
Over three years had passed since that incident
From time to time, the scene of his teammate’s death would come back to life in his mind
Tenma lost his life, an almost unsightly terror plastered on his face, looking as though he had no idea what was actually happening
Itachi had been astonished at the overwhelming difference in power that existed between himself and the man in the mask
He had despaired at his own powerlessness, and ended up activating his own sharingan
All of which meant that the man in the mask was the man who had awakened Itachi as a true Uchiha ninja
The murderer of his colleague, and yet, a person he was indebted to
He felt a strange connection with the man in the mask
Over the last three years, Itachi had wondered any number of times about the man’s true identity
From what he could infer, Itachi had thought the man was perhaps a member of the Uchiha clan, but that changed to a certainty now
The blur in the video was because of the man in the mask
The man had appeared at Nakano Shrine
The day Tenma died, a sharingan had glittered beneath the attacker’s mask
All of this clearly pointed to him being a member of the Uchiha clan
So then, who exactly in the clan was it?
In the ensuing three years, Itachi had had contact with all the men of the clan living in the village
There was no one with ninjutsu to control space the way the man did
There was also no one with that same voice or aura
And more than anything else, Itachi had a hunch that the man was not someone from the village
So then, who?
The Uchiha clan had lived in the village of Konohagakure since its founding
And he hadn’t heard of anyone outside the Uchiha clan having the sharingan
Although there were exceptions like Hatake Kakashi, they were still within Konohagakure
If precious kekkei genkai like the sharingan or the byakugan had been leaked outside the village, it would have been a serious affair for the entire nation
There was no way the village records wouldn’t have mentioned it
And as of the present date, there was nothing about the sharingan being leaked to another village
When he thought about it like this, the possibilities naturally narrowed
The first was that a member of the Uchiha clan thought to have died in the Great War had survived, and become the man in the mask
It was a general rule that if a member of the Uchiha clan died in battle, their sharingan would be brought home by another ninja
So, the man couldn’t have stolen it from a corpse
In which case, it made sense to assume that someone thought to have died was alive, and coming to the compound with his sharingan still in his possession
The second possibility was that the man in the mask was someone who had broken away from the Uchiha clan
This was less likely than the first option
Because since the founding of Konoha, only one person had ever broken away from the clan and left the village
Uchiha Madara …
The man who founded Konohagakure together with Hashirama of the Senju clan
He had left the village, and was said to have died in battle with Hashirama in a place called the Valley of the End
It wasn’t possible for someone who had died to be alive
At this point, Itachi should have abandoned this second option
But for some reason, he couldn’t completely put it aside
He had felt the man’s overwhelming chakra, his powerful presence, for himself, and it had been stronger than that of any ninja Itachi had encountered up to that point
If a ninja like that had died in battle, then it should have gone down in history
However, nowhere in the records of the great battles of the past was the death of such a capable Uchiha ninja verified
In which case …
Itachi could consider the idea that Madara was alive
“… tachi.”
A voice came at him from far away.
“Itachi!”
Sugaru called Itachi back to reality.
“It’s about time to switch shifts.”
“Mm,”
Itachi answered vaguely. 
Even as he had indulged in his thoughts, his fingertip had kept pressing the button. 
Although he was not watching it at all, the monitor he had his eyes trained on changed from one scene to another in quick succession.
“Are you all right?”
“What do you mean?”
he asked in response.
“No … It’s nothing.”
Sugaru didn’t say anything more.
About two months had passed since Itachi joined the Anbu, 
but his monotonous days continued unchanged
His main duties were guarding the Hokage’s office and practicing with his comrades; he still hadn’t been given any missions that would expose his life to danger
“You couldn’t exactly say the village was at peace if we were out on assassinations and dangerous missions all the time. The fact that we’ve got nothing to do is proof of peace,”
Kakashi had said, and laughed easily.
The village is at peace …
And yet, Itachi wondered
If the village was supposed to be at peace, then why was his heart in such turmoil? 
Why did he feel like things were so urgent?
Because of his clan
In the shadow of the tranquility of the village, the Uchiha brethren were seeking chaos
This was the main cause of the disquiet in Itachi’s heart
Whatever happened, he had to at least prevent a coup
But he couldn’t come up with a concrete plan to do that
He had said he would move with Shisui, but the two of them could stand side by side with their arms spread out, and they still wouldn’t be able to completely hold back the clan’s eagerness for destruction
The fact that he couldn’t find a way to break this deadlock had Itachi panicked
“Wah, ha, ha, ha!”
An earsplittingly loud voice pierced his ears on his way home from work
Unconsciously, his feet stopped, and he noted the little park ahead of him
It was already late in the day, evening
The sun had long ago slid off to the west, and a gloom was descending on the area
A boy, likely the one who laughed, was standing on a swing, 
staring out at three human shadows running off
Probably his friends
“I’m telling you, you guys don’t have a chance against the great Uzumaki Naruto here!”
the boy on the swing shouted.
The shadows didn’t turn back toward him, but left the area, chatting to each other about something, seemingly friendly with each other
Staring after the three, the boy who had named himself as Naruto sat down sadly on the swing
His earlier words had clearly been a show of courage
Itachi had understood this, once the boy named himself
There was no one in the village who did not know Uzumaki Naruto
The boy before him had been involved in the Nine Tails incident that had terrified the people of the village
The child with the Nine Tails inside him
When he walked along the road, everyone lowered their voices
There was only one person who did not know that the Nine Tails lived within his body
That was Naruto himself
He was unaware of the calamity in the village; it was sealed up in his body, and he lived with people in fear of him
Naruto couldn’t understand why people persecuted him
And both of his parents were already gone from this world
He had no one to shower him with unconditional love
Itachi turned his feet toward the park
He advanced quietly toward the swing with the boy, moving weakly back and forth
He sat down beside Naruto, whose face was turned to the ground
“Whoa!”
Noticing Itachi’s sudden appearance, Naruto nearly fell off his swing in surprise. 
He flapped his arms and legs more than absolutely necessary, and managed to stop the swing before turning suspicious eyes on Itachi.
“Don’t go scarin’ me like that.”
“Sorry.”
“So, like, who are you?”
Naruto stared at him with wide eyes.
Pumping the swing, Itachi turned his gaze forward.
“It doesn’t matter who I am, does it?”
“My mom says I’m not s’posed to talk to strangers.”
“She’s gone, though?”
Itachi said.
A bashful smile spread across Naruto’s face as he threw his right hand up to the back of his head.
“So, you know that?”
“Uzumaki Naruto is a famed prankster.”
“Am I that famous?”
“In a certain sense.”
“Heh, heh, heh!”
Naruto laughed happily, unable to understand Itachi’s sarcasm.
“Your friends ran off.”
“If they don’t get my pranks, then they’re not my pals.”
Naruto’s voice was excessively bright, 
like he was trying desperately to act cheerful so that his loneliness wouldn’t be seen.
Everyone knew Naruto’s true self
For the village, the Nine Tails incident had left a scar deeper than any other
Suspected of having controlled the Nine Tails, the Uchiha clan was also still trapped under that cloud
Itachi himself had been slandered more times than he could remember because of it
There was probably not a single person in the village willing to have any meaningful contact with the boy who housed the source of that trauma in his body
In other words, Naruto was the greatest victim of the Nine Tails incident
Itachi didn’t know how the Nine Tails came to be sealed in the boy’s body
But he thought that anyone who would seal the embodiment of disaster in a baby was not in their right mind
Perhaps they hadn’t considered how the child would be persecuted
The details of the Nine Tails incident were a closely guarded secret in the village
The truth was hidden in darkness, and only Naruto was left
Naruto was one part of the darkness of the village
The village had been built sacrificing people like Naruto
The village officials had sealed the disaster in Naruto, and directed the dissatisfaction of the people somewhere else with their persecution of the Uchiha clan, in order to skillfully keep the village running
Deliberately producing a darkness to hide their own darkness …
And now Itachi, too, was one part of the darkness in the village
Because the Anbu itself was the true darkness of the village
“Bro!”
“Hm?”
Naruto widened his eyes next to him.
“You just got real quiet all of a sudden. You all right?”
“I’m fine.”
“All right, good.”
Naruto looked up at him, with worry in his eyes.
“It’s probably time for you to be getting home.”
“I can go home, but it’s not like there’s anyone there.”
Naruto’s mouth twisting downward, he put on a show of being tough.
“Then I’ll go home.”
“What?!”
Naruto cried in exaggerated surprise when Itachi stood up.
“Keep fighting,”
Itachi said, words he thought offered no real peace of mind.
But Naruto seemed happy, and chuckled to himself as he rubbed his nose with a finger. 
And then he leapt forcefully off the swing, stood tall, and pointed his index finger at Itachi.
“My name’s Uzumaki Naruto! I’m gonna be Hokage someday!”
“You are? Hokage, huh?”
A flame blazed up in Itachi’s heart. 
Even as he carried the burden of the village’s darkness, this boy was not giving up on his own destiny. 
Not resenting the village, not hating the people, he believed in his own dream, honestly and wholeheartedly.
“I hope you are.”
“I’m totally going to be Hokage. Remember me ’til then, Bro.”
Smiling in response, Itachi turned his back to Naruto, and started walking
The heavens above glittered with stars
Danzo called him in. 
He sat in his chair with a sour look on his face. 
Next to the master of the Foundation was Sugaru, supposedly a member of Team Ro.
“How’s the Anbu?”
“I don’t know yet.”
“An honest answer. You’ll no doubt have any number of experiences from now on that you could only have in the Anbu. Until then, polish your skills,”
Danzo said, almost as if he were Itachi’s boss.
But Itachi was in the Anbu, which was under the direct control of the Hokage, with no connection with the Foundation
In terms of work, Danzo and Itachi basically had nothing to do with one another
“I called you here today for a reason.”
Itachi nodded silently
“I’ve heard that the Uchiha clan compound has been particularly strict with outsiders lately.”
It was true that in the last few months, the compound had taken on an air of exclusivity. 
It seemed that his father giving voice to the word “coup” had given the compound itself a will.
“You are also going to the regular meetings?”
Danzo asked, point-blank.
The Uchiha clan was monitored twenty-four hours a day by the Anbu
It was only natural that Danzo would be aware of the meetings
“Yes,”
Itachi answered honestly, preparing himself for the worst, knowing that there was no point in hiding anything.
Danzo nodded deeply, seemingly satisfied.
“I’ll be frank. I want you to report the details of those meetings to me.”
His voice slammed into Itachi, containing indescribable pressure.
“If things continue as they are, the Uchiha clan will fall. Your power is needed to stop that from happening.”
“Are you telling me to betray my clan?”
“You’re not betraying them. You’re saving them.”
Danzo rested his elbows on his desk and set his chin in intertwined hands. 
The hollow of his left eye, a deep, dark cavern, peered out at Itachi.
“Betrayal is an act that brings about a disadvantage to the betrayed. The act of reporting the details of the meetings to me is to prevent the explosion of your clan, and as such, it is advantageous to them. Thus, it cannot be said to be betrayal.”
A neat bit of rhetoric
Danzo likely intended to complicate his thinking and blind him, but Itachi was not fooled
No matter what the result was for his clan, telling Danzo what happened at the meetings was nothing other than betrayal
Danzo had misread him. 
Itachi was not fixated on the word “betrayal.”
“I understand.”
“Given that you hate fighting more than anyone, I thought you might say that,”
the master of the Foundation said, in a voice that did not reveal his emotions.
Itachi hated it, but it was just as Danzo said
He still hadn’t been able to come up with a concrete plan to stop the coup d’état
Danzo’s request, coming at such a time, had an irresistible appeal
They had been able to gain the cooperation of the third Hokage, thanks to Shisui
And Itachi’s decision here might turn into an opportunity to use Danzo’s power
He would prevent his clan’s implosion by connecting it with the center of the village
“I don’t want to do anything to rob your clan of dignity. I leave the selection of information you bring to me to you.”
“Thank you.”
“I’m counting on you, Itachi. The fate of your clan rests on your decisions.”
Danzo’s voice weighed heavily on Itachi.
But Itachi’s resolve was not so weak that it could not withstand that weight
He took a deep breath, deep enough to reach the pit of his stomach, as if realizing the heavy responsibility he had been saddled with
It smells like blood somehow …
“So this is how it’s going to be, huh?”
Kakashi muttered. Beside him, Itachi held his breath
At that moment, his team leader, the lower half of his face covered by a black mask, was already gone
Itachi jumped off the cliff after him
The dead bodies of his comrades lay in the valley ahead
Land of Frost ninjas had killed them
The two lands had been on the verge of forming an alliance when it happened
The alliance was to be made official ten days later, and they had been in the middle of a mission to exchange letters stating the final terms, when the ninjas from the Land of Frost suddenly bared their teeth
The enemy had been uninterested in an alliance from the start
Four Konoha ninjas up against ten from the Land of Frost
Outnumbered
In the blink of an eye, the Konoha ninjas tasked with the duty of receiving the letter had been killed
If they witnessed the breakdown of negotiations, they were to exterminate the enemy
that was the mission Itachi and his team had been given
In other words, they were not to move until the situation was clear
Thus, their initial response had been delayed, leading to the annihilation of their allies
The moment ten Land of Frost ninjas appeared—a suspiciously large force—it had felt very much like a breakdown in the process
If the Anbu had leapt out at that point in time, their comrades might not have died
However, even if Itachi had been leading the team, he couldn’t have moved until all four were wiped out
Ahead of him, Kakashi landed in the midst of the enemy
his right hand already piercing one of the ninjas
A stream of blue lightning enveloped his arm
Chidori … Kakashi’s best technique
By the time his team leader was pulling his arm back out, Itachi had landed dead center among the enemy
There were two other Anbu with them
One was Sugaru
And the other was a ninja called Tenzo
He was a little younger than Kakashi
but his career in the Anbu had already been fairly long
“Konoha Anbu!”
an enemy ninja shouted.
In the next instant, a thick tree branch tangled up around the man’s throat and tightened, like a snake
Unable to push back against the incredible force of it, the man expired, long tongue lolling from his mouth
It was Tenzo’s jutsu
He was able to use Wood Style, a ninjutsu only the first Hokage, Hashirama, had been able to use
“Konoha never had any intention of making an alliance with us, hm?”
another enemy said to Kakashi.
“You came at us first.”
Kakashi didn’t wait for the other man to argue the fact; Chidori dug into the other ninja’s stomach.
Itachi heard a shriek from behind him
Looking over his shoulder, he saw an enemy hurtling toward him, a long sword held up above his head
Itachi turned around
The sword closed in on the top of his head
He quickly lifted his arm, and grabbed the wrist of the enemy’s hand on the hilt
“Ngh!”
“Give it up,”
Itachi advised, still clutching the man’s wrist.
Unable to bring the sword down on Itachi, the enemy glared at him, cold sweat popping up on his forehead
The sharingan
His enemy shuddered violently once, and then completely relaxed
Like a marionette with its strings cut, the man had started to droop and fall toward the ground, when his head rolled off into space before Itachi’s eyes
A ninja blade glittered to the rear of the enemy
Sugaru
“The mission from the Lord Hokage is the extermination of the enemy,”
Sugaru murmured in a voice only loud enough for Itachi to hear. 
He had seen through Itachi’s secret plan to trap the man in genjutsu with the sharingan, and make him pass out.
There was no need to exterminate the enemy
Whether their envoys returned or not, the incident here would soon be known to the Land of Frost
It was vengeance enough to take out the ones who had murdered the four Konoha ninjas
Letting the others live, and return home to relate the true power of Konoha, would be a more effective check against the Land of Frost
“I know,”
he told Sugaru’s back, as the man was already turning toward a new enemy; then, Itachi set his sights on a new target.
There were four enemy ninjas left
They had already lost the will to fight
Sugaru’s blade flew toward the neck of one on his knees, begging for his life
Beyond him, Tenzo’s Wood Style ninjutsu produced sharp branches that pierced the back of a female ninja trying to flee
“This will make the Land of Frost and Konoha enemies!”
“Your lives will prevent that,”
Kakashi said gently, as his arm ripped into the other man’s solar plexus.
“Itachi!”
Tenzo.
Itachi caught sight of an enemy coming toward him with a grim look, prepared for death
Holding kunai in both hands, clenching his teeth as he raced toward Itachi, the boy was still not even ten years old
The Land of Frost was small
Although the larger battles were no more, in a country that still had few ninjas and a national power that was immature, even a child like this had plenty of war potential
“Gah!”
His battle cry already sounded like a sob.
Itachi met the boy head-on
A sharp pain raced through his stomach
The boy’s kunai had stabbed him
The slender shoulders shook fiercely as they touched Itachi’s belly
The boy’s terror had surpassed his limits, and tears began to fill his eyes
“Itachi!”
Kakashi shouted.
“I’m all right,”
he replied calmly, and Kakashi and the others watched, surrounding him from a distance.
Shaking like a leaf, the boy slowly lifted his face. 
Tears spilled out of the eyes that looked up at Itachi.
“Ah. Aaaunh.”
His fear became sound, and slipped out of him.
“You’re a proper ninja now. Be strong,”
Itachi told his enemy kindly.
In his confusion and fear, the boy had no idea what was going on
He shook his head from side to side, and desperately tried to turn his eyes away from reality
“You didn’t run away; you came right at me. So, I want to treat you with the courtesy a full-fledged ninja deserves.”
Itachi grabbed his kunai from behind, so that the boy couldn’t see. 
He ran his blade up from below into the slender nape of his crying enemy’s neck. 
He gently pulled the kunai from his own stomach, and stepped back.
A spray of blood shot out from the boy’s neck
None of it splattered Itachi
This, too, was etiquette for a ninja
The young body fell onto the pile of corpses, neither enemy nor ally
“This is also a battlefield,”
Itachi murmured, not loud enough for anyone else to hear.
Itachi asked himself in his heart. 
Am I actually getting closer to my dream? 
He felt as though his body were gradually growing heavier, buried in the easy flow of time. His childhood days when he prayed with all his heart that he would become a ninja stronger than anyone else were already in the distance, and the bonds coiling about his entire body were trying to trap Itachi in the framework of “just a ninja.”
If this is how it is, I want to just walk away from the village, the clan, the Anbu, and be free …
He knew that this would never be allowed
The boy’s eyes, devoid of light, stared endlessly at the troubled Itachi
“Make a list of the number of expected participants at the time of action, invasion routes, attack targets, and assassination targets. I’d like to decide on the crucial day of action at the next meeting. Put together your opinions before then. If you have any ideas, you can speak them at any time. Simply make sure to be careful of the eyes of the people of the village.”
When Fugaku finished speaking, the brethren relaxed for a moment
They were loosening up at the thought of the end of the meeting
But that easy calm was shattered by the tense voice of Yashiro
“Is Itachi here?”
Itachi felt a disgust at the voice calling his name
“Itachi!”
When he didn’t answer, the voice called his name again in irritation.
“I’m here.”
Itachi raised a heavy arm.
Rather than rebuke Itachi for his attitude, Yashiro simply stared at him with cold eyes.
“You were there at the breakdown of negotiations with the Land of Frost the other day, yes?”
Itachi said nothing
“Answer me.”
“Anbu missions are not to be spoken of to outsiders.”
“Are you seriously saying that to me?”
A deep groove grew between Yashiro’s eyebrows.
Itachi stared at the narrow eyes before him without responding
“For what purpose did you join the Anbu?”
Itachi was silent again
“To obtain a variety of information from a place close to the center of the village, and report to us,”
“Yashiro.”
As if to toss his silent son a lifeline, his father said the name of his trusted retainer.
Yashiro made no move to answer him, but simply continued to glare at Itachi.
“What have you brought to us since joining the Anbu? Not once have we heard the secrets of the village from your mouth.”
“I just don’t know any, so I can’t talk about them.”
“Is it really only that?”
“What is that supposed to mean?”
The spirit of rebellion flickered in Itachi’s eyes.
Yashiro took this with a daring smile crawling across his face, while a man with long hair stood up beside him. 
Uchiha Inabi. 
He, too, was Itachi’s father’s trusted confidant.
“You’re turning on us, aren—”
“Enough!”
Fugaku roared.
Both Yashiro and Inabi were forced into silence at this rare display of anger from Fugaku.
“You both understand exactly what this time means for the clan. We cannot follow through on these serious matters when we are at each other’s throats.”
The men were silent
Finally, Yashiro sat down; disgruntled
Inabi followed suit
“You sit, too, Itachi.”
His father glared.
“Itachi.”
His father’s voice sounded weak to him as he stood there still
Almost like an entreaty
“Excuse me.”
The pain in Itachi’s chest naturally turned into words, and spilled out.
His father desperately tried to pull everyone together
Why was he being so servile, trying to reconcile everyone? 
Was the framework of the clan that important? 
To Itachi, it looked as though his father were being toyed with by the passion of the younger men
I don’t understand …
“At any rate, the next meeting will decide our path. It will be an important meeting. Be aware that absences will not be tolerated.”
The meeting ended with turmoil still in the air
Itachi began to walk home alone, without meeting anyone’s eyes
He didn’t even see Shisui or Izumi
Danzo looked down at Hiruzen, who was putting his pipe to his lips
They were alone in the Hokage’s office
“Six months since he joined the Anbu, hm?”
Hiruzen said, exhaling smoke.
“What are you talking about?”
“Don’t play dumb. I’m talking about the boy you have your eyes on.”
“Hmph!”
Occasionally, Hiruzen spoke in this sort of roundabout way.
“He’s carrying out his duties faithfully.”
“I see.”
“Didn’t you come to talk about him?”
Hiruzen had seen through him. For Danzo, who hated more than anyone to have his own thoughts read, it was deeply difficult to endure.
He made a move in return.
“It appears you have an Uchiha directly under you now, hm, Hiruzen?”
Hiruzen brought the pipe to his lips, looking at though Danzo had poked a painful spot
Danzo ignored the look, and continued.
“I hear you’ve removed Uchiha Shisui from his regular duties, and given him permission to move at his own discretion and judgment? And that, in name at least, we have another Uchiha in the Anbu.”
“Shisui wanted me to give him the freedom to act. I simply opened the road to him.”
“So now the Hokage is listening to the whims of a mere ninja?”
“I simply took into consideration the feelings of someone worried about the Uchiha clan.”
“If you give the same consideration to the circumstances of every single person, the village will fall apart.”
“I know. I don’t need you telling me that!”
Hiruzen shouted, revealing his irritation.
“How about you stop beating around the bush, and tell me already? What exactly have you come for today, Danzo?”
I should really stop torturing him already
Danzo gloated in his heart, before bringing up the matter he had under consideration
“Just as you have one of the Uchiha clan under your control, I should like one arranged for me.”
Hiruzen made an obviously disgusted face the instant the word “control” left Danzo’s mouth. 
Once he had finished listening, the corners of his mouth turned up slightly as he looked at the other man.
“You’re saying give Itachi to the Foundation?”
“The thought never even entered my head.”
“Don’t play dumb.”
“I am not playing dumb,”
Hiruzen narrowed his eyes, measuring Danzo’s sincerity. 
The countless creases around the corners of his eyes deepened.
“What are you thinking, then?”
“Why not promote Itachi to team leader?”
“He’s still only eleven.”
“And Anbu team leaders are to be thirteen or older,”
Danzo said, a thin smile spreading across his face. Hiruzen got an uncomfortable look on his face.
“The Anbu are a division supporting the central pillars of the village. The team leaders who rule over them must have sufficient judgment. Thus, the requirement that they be at least thirteen.”
“Sufficient judgment. Itachi already has that.”
“That’s not the issue.”
“Age and the like are meaningless before actual ability.”
Danzo’s firm stance pushed Hiruzen into silence.
“Are the rules that important, Hiruzen? The dissatisfaction of the Uchiha clan is already a nearly untenable situation. In order to break through this status quo, we need someone in a position to make effective use of the will of the Foundation, and someone connected with you. A mere Anbu ninja won’t be able to avoid the orders of his team leader. Promoting Itachi makes it easier for him to move.”
“You’re saying put him between you and I, without having him belong to the Foundation?”
“That’s exactly what I’m saying. No one in the Uchiha clan can match the abilities of Itachi and Shisui. If we can win those two over, it likely won’t be difficult to prevent the explosion of their clan. Just as you gave Shisui special privileges, it is necessary to give a certain amount of the same to Itachi.”
“But eleven is simply too young to lead a team.”
Hiruzen was wavering.
One more little push …
“Then, what if he were twelve?”
The third Hokage did not respond
“Itachi’s publicly disclosed age goes up a year, and that neatly takes care of the rule, don’t you think?”
“Let me think about it a little more.”
“Understood.”
Danzo was certain. 
Hiruzen would definitely consent.
“How’s school?”
Itachi asked his brother as he wet his throat with some cold juice.
“It’s way better to train here like this with you.”
Sasuke smiled, looking up at Itachi from the bench where he sat, clutching in both hands a can with droplets of water forming on it.
“It’s way better to train here like this with you.”
Back when he had first started at the academy, Itachi had said the same sort of thing to Shisui. 
Once again, he felt keenly how alike he and his brother were.
His mission finished early, so he decided to train with Sasuke once he got home
Because Itachi couldn’t spend too much time with him normally, he actively tried to create opportunities
And the time he spent with Sasuke soothed Itachi more than anything else in his life
Sweating together with his little brother, he could escape his everyday troubles
When did it start being like this?
Lately, whenever he saw Shisui, all they did was talk about where the clan was headed
It had been who knew how many years since they trained together
Even talking with Izumi, his attention ended up focused on her feelings, and he couldn’t stay free of obstructive thoughts
He knew he was too involved there, but he couldn’t help it
In the end, it was only when he was training with his brother that he could just be himself, without thinking about anything
“Is school boring?”
“No, it’s not, but …”
Sasuke mumbled, staring at the opening in his can.
Itachi had a pretty good idea of what his baby brother was thinking.
“Is it that your skills and thinking are too different, so things aren’t going too well with your friends?”
Because it had been like that for Itachi
He had been able to do everything better than everyone else, so the other students in his class had seemed very much like children
Their way of thinking, and the way they faced things, had been too juvenile; he hadn’t been able to talk with them with the same sense of values
He wondered absently if it wasn’t  the same for Sasuke
He felt like his brother shared the same awkwardness he did when it came to interacting with people
“I don’t especially want it to go well or anything. I mean, those guys, their ninjutsu and their schoolwork are just totally no good.”
“What about Naruto?”
“Huh?”
Sasuke’s eyes widened at the unexpected name that came out of his brother’s mouth. 
The gaze he turned upward to Itachi was clouded with surprise.
Itachi himself was surprised
He didn’t know why he had said Naruto’s name
The child with the golden hair who was the same age as his little brother had simply popped into his head
“He’s a total disaster, no matter what they make us do. And he’s always finding a reason to bug me. He’s super annoying.”
“So, Naruto bugs you?”
“I don’t think about him at all, but then he’ll come over to me, and start complaining and stuff.”
If his little brother’s position at school was no different from Itachi’s when he had been there, then Itachi assumed the other students gave Sasuke a wide berth
While they acknowledged his abilities, none of them truly tried to befriend him
However, Naruto walked right up to Sasuke
The boy boasting he would be Hokage came back to life in Itachi’s mind
That poor child with the Nine Tails in his body; no one wanted anything to do with him
Despite this, he had unshakeable faith in his big dreams
His bearing, his way of talking, everything about him was the polar opposite of Sasuke
But when Itachi imagined the two of them together, it seemed strangely fitting.
“He comes over to you because he’s curious about you. Be nice to him.”
“I can’t be nice to a kid like that.”
“It’d be nice if you could someday,”
Itachi said, placing the palm of his hand on Sasuke’s head.
“There’s totally no way!”
Sasuke shut his eyes tightly, his nose crinkling up, and gritted his teeth.
Unconsciously, Itachi burst out laughing at the funny expression
His little brother relaxed his face, and also started to laugh
The warm evening passed peacefully
Sitting with his arms crossed and his eyes closed, Fugaku listened to the sound of the sliding door closing, and opened his eyes
His own room
He was sitting cross-legged, looking at the alcove where the seat of honor was set on his right, his back turned to the wall of the right side of the room
It was his own son opening the sliding door that led to the hall, and showing his face
“Did you need something, Father?”
His too-talented son made no attempt to warm the recent, excessive chill in his voice, as he stayed outside the door.
“Come in,”
Fugaku urged. Itachi finally, reluctantly, stepped over the threshold to the room
He closed the sliding door behind him, and sat down properly on his knees before his father
“I heard you went to the park with Sasuke.”
“I did.”
He had seen the two come home covered in sweat, and called Itachi in after his bath
His younger son was sitting at the table, and talking with his mother
“I have to prepare for my mission tomorrow. I’d appreciate it if you could be brief about your business,”
Itachi said, face stiffening, clearly on guard against his father.
It was no wonder
Recently, they hadn’t had any semblance of a conversation. About the only opportunity they had to hear each other’s voices was at the regular meetings
And with all eyes on him, Fugaku couldn’t put on a fatherly face there
Given that they had nothing but formal contact with each other, like strangers, it was only natural that a distance would grow between them
“Don’t speak so stiffly,”
Fugaku said, and smiled. 
It was the best smile he could muster. 
In general, he rarely smiled. 
As the head of the Military Police Force, as the man who pulled together all the young people of the clan, he felt that he must not show reckless emotion.
No … 
When he thought about it, he had never really smiled, not since he was little
Which reminded him
When had he last seen his son smile? He couldn’t remember
My son and I are alike … A strange joy rose up in his chest
The delight Fugaku felt at that moment was different from the simple emotion of a parent at their child resembling them
His son was the genius of the academy, passing his chunin exams on his own, the first Uchiha posted to the Anbu
And Fugaku’s joy came from the fact that such a storied ninja would resemble him
It was fairly twisted for a father to see his own son as an object of aspiration
Fugaku himself was very aware of that
Which was why, sometimes, he found his son unpleasant
As a man—rather than as a father—he was forced to acknowledge the fact that he had lost
This led to the cool attitude he adopted toward Itachi
He knew it was foolish as a parent
But his pride as a ninja simply could not rejoice in Itachi’s advancement in the world
And now his son was starting to move away from him
“How is your work with the Anbu?”
he asked, still smiling. Itachi looked at him with wary eyes.
“As long as I am putting into practice the things I’ve learned since graduating from the academy, there is no how.”
It was a model answer
Apparently, his dispassionate son had the idea that at that moment, he was interacting with the man who governed the young people of the clan, rather than his father
“Yashiro and Inabi aren’t here,”
Fugaku remarked, trying hard to keep his tone gentle.
“I’m your father, and you are my son. Those are the only people in this room.”
Itachi was a clever child. 
All Fugaku had to say was that, and the boy seemed to understand his father’s thinking. 
Still, Itachi did not immediately become open and straightforward, the way he had when he was five or six. 
His guard relaxed slightly; that was the extent of his heart softening. 
Even so, his eyes became much calmer than they had been.
“Things haven’t changed, really, from when I wasn’t in the Anbu.”
“You’re not doing any difficult work?”
“There is some of that,”
his son murmured. 
And then he lowered his eyes for an instant, before looking straight at his father once more.
“Given that I’m in the Anbu, no weakness can be tolerated.”
“That’s my boy.”
His favorite thing to say. When he was praising his son, those were always the words he used. But at some point, it started feeling like he was saying it to bolster himself, rather than his son. Trying to keep his talented son beneath him, he bound him with the words
“my boy.”
That’s what he felt like.
Saying it was already a habit. When he wanted to praise his son, the words came out before he even had the chance to think, so that after he said,
“that’s my boy,”
a sharp thorn would stab into his heart. And again that day, Fugaku felt the pain in his chest.
“Don’t worry about things at the meeting,”
he said, as if to push aside the uneasiness in the area of his solar plexus.
“What?”
His son looked surprised at his words. 
He was likely assuming Fugaku would rebuke him for the exchange with Yashiro and the others at the meeting. 
Itachi was surprised at having that expectation betrayed.
“It’s not as though everyone in the clan thinks the same way. I have no intention of forcing our thinking on you. Rather than a stone drifting along with the strong current, I want you to be a man, like a rock that stands against the current, and pierces it.”
“Father …”
“You do not need to yield in your own thinking. If you cannot accept what Yashiro and the others say, then you can stand up, and proudly assert your own ideas.”
“But it doesn’t seem like they would tolerate that at the meeting.”
A sigh slipped from between Fugaku’s lips.
“The young people are moved by passion, and they lose sight of themselves. And they expel those who don’t agree with them, charging forward toward what they believe to be lofty.”
“Father,”
Itachi murmured.
“What? Say it.”
“All right.”
Looking as though he had resolved himself, the boy began to speak.
“Do you have a different opinion than they do, Father?”
“I do not,”
Fugaku asserted.
“My feelings are the same as theirs. I am simply not so young as to cast out differing ideas.”
His son’s disappointment was so clear, he could almost pick it up in his hand.
“Is that so …”
The boulder had already begun to roll
There was nothing to be done about it at this late date
Or rather, Fugaku had no intention of doing anything
Rising to action was the only possibility left to their clan
But he did not want to force his son to obey.
“You should stay true to your thinking. Fight, be confused, be lost, and come through that to find your answer. And once you find it, make your decision, and do not waver from it. Find your answer, and be ready to follow through. That is determination.”
“Determination …”
“Yes. There are few people in this world who live their lives with their own determination. They leave their decisions to others, and avert their eyes from responsibility. You must not live like that, at least. Move forward in your life, making your own decisions.”
Fugaku felt something hot in his eyes. 
He tried desperately to calm the emotions in his heart without his son noticing.
“I understand,”
Itachi said, like a small battle cry, and turned passionate eyes on his father.
“I will never leave the decisions in my own life to someone else.”
“Now that is my boy.”
For the first time in a long time, Fugaku was able to say the words in a straightforward way. 
There was no pain in his heart.
The slight trembling of Hiruzen’s eyebrows did not escape Danzo’s notice
The formal meeting room at the Hokage Residence, the seat where budgetary policy for the governance of the village of Konohagakure was determined
In addition to Hiruzen and Danzo, the councilors Koharu and Homura were there
At this meeting, they would set the basic policy, and, taking that into consideration, Hiruzen would select the personnel in village government and the official budgets
“About the budget for the Military Police Force.”
Taking his eyes off the document he had before him, Hiruzen looked at the other three. 
In his hand was their proposal.
“The basic idea is to significantly reduce the budget, but what exactly is the meaning of this, Koharu?”
Hearing her name, Utatane Koharu opened her eyes a narrow slit and peered at Hiruzen.
“It’s been seven years since the end of the war. Life has gotten back to normal, for the most part. And it has become customary for the Anbu to investigate serious and brutal crimes. The current role of the Military Police Force is quite limited. There’s no need for the same budget they’ve had in the past, is there?”
“That said, isn’t cutting their budget by forty percent a bit too abrupt? A cut like this will also have a significant effect on Military Police Force personnel.”
Staring at the sour look on Hiruzen’s face, Mitokado Homura opened his mouth.
“Rebuilding after the Nine Tails’ attack is mostly complete. The urgent need now is for new facilities and wider roads. And now that early graduation has been abolished, the academy will need to expand soon, as well. We don’t have the extra resources for a shrinking organization.”
“I know. I know that, but if we do this in such a way that we make the Military Police Force alone the enemy, it will be increasingly—”
“It will spur dissatisfaction among them?”
Danzo spat, seizing his opportunity. He continued without a pause.
“I will ask you then, is there another division in this village that is growing smaller as obviously as the Military Police Force? The cause for the reduction is clear: peace in the village, and the expansion of Anbu duties. The Military Police Force can perform no other role than maintaining the peace. And given the negative feelings of dissatisfaction they harbor toward the village, it’s doubtful as to whether or not they are faithfully performing even that role. I feel that maintaining their current budget is simply pampering them.”
“It is not pampering. It’s sheltering.”
“Sheltering? Why would people with no impediment to their work need to be sheltered?”
“Because the places where they can be active have been severely limited by people like you, who are prejudiced against that clan!”
Hiruzen pounded his desk and stood up, as Homura and Koharu watched coolly.
Rather than pushing back the grin that spread across his face, Danzo turned to the third Hokage, his old acquaintance, and said,
“So, you would shelter them because there is prejudice. Isn’t that in and of itself an act of distancing and discrimination?”
“What did you—”
“It’s precisely because they have the Military Police Force to work at, and because they are assured a more than ample budget from the village, that the Uchiha clan refuse contact with outsiders, and sneak around with people from their own circle. You distance them in the framework of the Military Police Force under the pretext of sheltering them, and so you allow them to grow this evil flower of dissatisfaction within themselves. Isn’t that so?”
“The formation and management of the Military Police Force was the dying wish of the second Hokage.”
“Don’t you feel that way of thinking is outdated?”
“I believe a revolution is necessary, now especially when the Great War is over, and the scars from Nine Tails’ attack are beginning to heal. But, what does everyone else think?”
“I have no objection,”
Koharu voiced her agreement. 
Homura nodded silently. 
Danzo had already gone round to speak to them, and the three were of the same opinion on the matter of reducing the Military Police Force budget.
Only Hiruzen was on the outside.
“And what will we do when the Uchiha clan’s dissatisfaction explodes?”
“You’re using Shisui to prevent that, are you not?”
Danzo struck the final blow.
It hit home, Hiruzen faltered
“Wasn’t that the reason you pulled the young ninja, so worried about his clan, from his regular missions, gave him a position in name only, and permitted him a certain level of independence?”
“Thirty percent, then,”
Hiruzen said hoarsely.
A bitter choice
He was acting exactly as Danzo had expected
Danzo didn’t believe a reduction of forty percent was possible, either
He had anticipated thirty percent being the point of compromise
“If we cut any more than thirty percent of their budget, we won’t escape backlash from the Military Police Force.”
“I respect the Hokage’s decision.”
Hiruzen made an obviously disgusted face at Danzo’s seemingly deliberate words
Shisui had called him to their usual cliff
It was already the middle of the night
The village and the compound were asleep
Still, the eyes of the Anbu who watched over the compound were open
During Itachi’s work monitoring the clan, he had memorized the angles of all the cameras watching them
He had already devised a route that allowed him to move freely through the compound, slipping through the slight gaps that rose up in the angles between cameras
He had only told Shisui about the Anbu’s monitoring, and the route through their blind spots
Shisui was the sole ninja he could trust
He definitely wouldn’t leak the information to anyone else
He should have been making his way to the cliff through the blind spot route as well
No one knew about their meeting
Once Itachi had slipped through the compound and escaped the eyes of the cameras, he ran
The moon, in its last quarter, glittered nearby in the center of the sky
Beneath shining stars that looked as though they would come tumbling down, he ran intently, keeping to the shadows
The forest abruptly split, revealing his destination, the cliff, a human figure on the edge of the rough rock
Standing with his back to Itachi, Shisui was staring at the raging river that could be seen below the cliff
Itachi raced over, and stopped behind him.
“Sorry to make you wait.”
“I just got here, too,”
Shisui said, turning around, exhaustion obvious on his face. 
He had faint bags under his eyes, and his cheeks were a little hollow. 
His jaw, significantly tapered down, looked more like a mark of overwork than growth into adulthood.
“You look really tired.”
“Things have been happening.”