Tomorrow, Kohyuga Mukai will take his first vacation in a month.
When Shimura Danzo's mouth informed him of the fact, the weasel decided to do it.
Arrangements will be made immediately, and weasels and Sisui's mission schedule will be changed while accompanying him.
It was the order of the Danzo.
Tomorrow, weasels will kill ninja living in the same village...
He's a traitor, but he's still a compatriot.
be in one's hometown
It would be a lie to say that you had no hesitation in killing such a man.”
But this was more important than any other mission in the weasel's ninja life.”
can't say no to
Mukai had been strongly aware of the fact that he was a traitor who communicated behind the scenes with the fog-hidden village and kept leaking important secrets of the village of Kinoha, and managed to reconcile with his guilt.”
“I'm ready!”
A cheerful voice broke the weasel's thoughts.
“I've set you eight in all, as you told me,”
To my brother who laughed,
return a smile
the interior of a forest
The weasel was resting after tomorrow's mission was decided.
I'm going out with him in the form of a request from Sasuke.
A target with a double circle is hidden by a salmon in a forest of trees.
can't be seen from a weasel as one of the wonderful things about
“Now, brother,”
hurry with a jumping voice as if one could not hide one's excitement
The weasel clasped the knay in his hands, nodding.
If you put it in your crotch one by one, it's just eight.
Eight iron claws popped out of my lightly clenched fist.
Lower your head and unify your mind a little.
Then pour the chakra that you have stored in the back of your stomach into your eyes.
Ring-drawing eyes...
The breath of the trees suddenly became noisy.
I saw a small circular foreign body in the pulsation of life.
eight
The weasel kicked lightly on the ground with a small breath.
flip one's head and foot in midair
It's because if you turn your body upside down, your center of gravity will stretch downward and your posture will be stable.”
By stabilizing the posture, the accuracy of Knai's control is increased.
Close your eyes and imagine the eight targets in your brain.
There were two things that didn't come from this place.
The target that is casually rolled around the back of the huge rock in front of me is the most troublesome.”
First of all, I threw four of my left hand at once.
accurately hit four relatively easy targets
This time, the two knai holding it from the thumb to the middle finger of the right hand.
This will hit the mark safely.
There are two left.
The weasel's body is still in space.
It hasn't been a second since I jumped up.
change one's middle finger and ring finger to one's left hand
There's a Kunai on the left and left and right.
wave one's arms at the same time
I dared to overlap the orbit of the two knays.
The blades bumped into each other in the air made a sharp metallic sound and flew away in the wrong direction so that they could play against each other.
landing
The ring-shaped eyes glowed red.
Before the weasel's slow rise, there was a sign of his brother.
Sasuke, who was hiding behind a tree to avoid danger, suddenly appeared.
The weasel's arms through the center of all the targets seemed stunned.
He stared behind the rock in front of him with his mouth wide open.
There's the most difficult target.
Of course, I punched it out.
This is why the last two collided and changed course.
“Wow, brother! It's in the middle of the dead spot behind the rock!”
Sasuke jumped out of the back of the tree.
have knay in one's hands
When he saw his brother's arm, he was distracted and couldn't stand it any longer.”
“Yes -- and so am I!”
“...Sasuke, let's go home soon.”
Sasuke, who was motivated and active, suddenly stopped working.
His face toward his brother was full of dissatisfaction.
“I told you I'd teach you a new shuriken technique!”
I made a promise, but what I just showed you in front of me is enough to fulfill my promise.”
“I have something important to do tomorrow, and I'm ready for it.”
It's mainly mental preparation.
My brother looks away and pokes his mouth.
His cool eyes under his frowned eyebrows were so distorted that he almost burst into tears.”
“...your liar,”
I'm not angry that you didn't teach me shuriken.
be angry that one's time with one's brother has been interrupted
If I can do it, I'd like to study with Sasuke to my heart's content.
But tomorrow's mission was not easy to allow.
The weasel wants to cry with me...
beckon to one's brother, who is looking at him with reproachful eyes, turning his face away
My brother's cloudy face cleared up with joy.
Sasuke runs up to me with a happy sound of footsteps echoing through the forest.
“Forgive me, Sasuke... See you next time.”
As he spoke, he stuck out his index finger and hit Sasuke's forehead.
“Yes!”
Sasuke, who was blocked from rushing, shouted softly with his eyes closed.
The mouth that looked up at my brother was tied to the letter "to
When Sasuke looks like this, he's always up to something.
“Look, brother!”
Sasuke, holding up Kunai with his hands crossed, laughed invincibly.
“To ------!”
Before the weasel could stop, the salmon flew at the target.
“Hey! If you're crazy...”
In front of the weasel screaming, Sasuke twisted his ankle and thrust his head into the ground.
way home
I'm walking toward my village in the shade of trees with my injured foot on my back.
The calm time goes by, feeling the warmth of my brother on my back.
The smell of salmon on my back made a slight ripple.
The weasel stopped and looked over his shoulder at his brother.
“What's the matter?”
“Here... where my father works.”
“It's the headquarters of the Kinoba Police Force.”
Looking up at the huge concrete building based on the circle, the weasel answered his brother's question calmly.
“I've been curious for a long time.
Why is our family crest on the mark of the police force?”
“What... did you notice?”
“Of course!”
Sasuke's voice, which responds as if he were stretching, naturally makes his mouth smile.
“Well... to put it simply, it seems that it was our family's predecessors who organized and established this police force.That's why we put our family crest on the symbol of this organization.Since ancient times, our family has always kept the security of this village.Our family crest is also proof of our proud family.”
The weasel avoids the most difficult words to satisfy his brother's desire to know something.
My brother listens to my brother in silence.
“Now my family is small, but almost everyone still belongs to the first division here and contributes to the security of the village.”
There are exceptions like Sisui.
In the case of Sisui, I heard that there was a request from the ninja in the village who valued excellence.
If you join the police force, you will have very little interaction with outside ninjas, and we will be completely incorporated into the family frame.”
At the request of the ninja of the village who feared it, Sisui was on the job.
But the weasel cut it off in his thoughts that it would not be something to explain to Sasuke.”
“Only better ninja can be cracked down on crimes committed by ninja.”
And... only better ninja can settle the conflict that ninja creates.”
“Are you going in here, too?”
The weasel's heart is pierced by his brother's innocent question.
I can't go in...
The real answer came to my throat.
“Well... I don't know...”
I can't tell my brother even if I get into the dark for my family who are dissatisfied with my hometown.
The weasel had no choice but to mumble.
`Do it!'
The younger brother, who knew nothing about the dark circumstances of adults, cried out in a carefree voice.
The glittering purity gripped the weasel's chest.
“When I grow up... I'll join the police force too!”
be brothers and members of the police force and work hard on one's
It's like a dream.
But that day will never come...
Weasels go to the dark.
I wouldn't be content to accept the environment if I were to join the police force.”
have a dream of eliminating conflicts in the world
For the dream to come true, the police force is too small.
“My father will come to the entrance ceremony tomorrow.It's the first step in my dream.”
My brother's dream is to work with him as a ninja in the police force...
I was happy, but...
The dream won't come true.
“...that's right,”
The weasel could only answer vaguely.
When we reached the gate between our village and the village, a sign suddenly appeared near the wall.
“It was late... what were you doing?"I have something to tell you now.”
My father with his arms folded was looking at the weasel.
“I'll be home soon,”
“Yes,”
I nodded to the weasel who answered, and my father started walking in front of me.
The weasel moved his heavy feet with his brother on his back, following his undisturbed steps straight home.
Since when have you had such a hard time dealing with your father?
know the answer
But the weasel didn't want to admit the answer.
one's father's room
In front of weasels and salmon sitting side by side, there is a figure of my father folding his arms.
“Tomorrow, I hear,”
Suddenly my father started.
The weasel kept silent and felt his heart beat fast.
I knew what my father meant.
I'm talking about tomorrow's assassination of Mukai.
It's making my heart beat faster.
How far does my father know?
And who did you ask about the mission?
There is a vague answer to the latter question.
If I were to hear it, there would be no one but Danzo.
Why did Danzo tell his father about his mission?
Doubts stir up doubts and stir the weasels' hearts.
“Huff... as expected of my child... I've come this far only six months since I was promoted to Chujin.”
The weasel looked at his father in silence.
Sasuke was looking at his brother anxiously.
“Tomorrow's special mission... I've decided to follow you.”
My heart beat the most violently this day.
But the shaking of my brother's heart was many times more intense than that.”
Father is obsessed with his family and forgetting how important tomorrow is for his brother.
get angry with one's father
“If this mission is successful, weasels... almost unofficially appointed to join the dark side.”
Father's eyes turn red at his silent son.
“You know...”
Only one person was allowed to accompany Mukai.
I had already told the elephant that Sisui would accompany me.”
If you don't know the fact, your father doesn't know the details of the mission.
Maybe someone told me only the schedule for the mission.
Hate the village, but be fooled by the information that comes from it.
I felt unbearably sorry for my father like that.”
a desperate mission
There was no one but Sisui to do it with.
I'll never allow my father to intervene.
“You don't have to worry so much.More than that...”
I saw a salmon.
The intelligent brother laughed, suppressing his emotions, even though he wanted to cry out loud right now.”
“It's okay, brother...”
I felt like I could hear my brother's heart.
The weasel smiles and puts words in his eyes.
“Tell me... Tomorrow is an important day for you, isn't it?〟
push one's little back with an intense stare
“Dad... Tomorrow is mine...”
“Tomorrow's mission will be an important one for our family!”
My brother's courage was shattered by his father's strong words, who only cares about his family.
and Sasuke lowered his face with a frozen expression, desperate to hold back his tears.
be too angry with one's father
Is your family that important?
Don't you care about your brother?
All they see is the future of the family.
I don't care about my son who is about to go on a mission of death.”
I don't care about my brother, let alone.
With such a narrow view, how can you beat a village hidden in a tree leaf?”
I'm tired of everything.
“I'm going to quit tomorrow's mission.”
“!? What are you talking about!?You must know how important tomorrow is!What the hell are you talking about!?
“Tomorrow, I'm going to follow Sasuke's ninja school entrance ceremony.”
My father breathed a little.
It was only then that the father remembered his son's plans for tomorrow.
And again, in an irresistible anger...
sad
“Ninja school entrance ceremonies are usually attended by relatives.There was a notice, wasn't there? Father.”
I'm serious about giving up my mission.
be true to one's heart's content
Father seemed to understand the weasel's sincerity.
After a moment of silence, Father breathed a small sigh.
“...I understand now... I'll go to ninja school.”
My father stood up and walked to the table where my mother was waiting.
Weasels and salmon leave the room and follow suit.
The deer roared dry in the yard.
The weasel knew that if he said that, his father would definitely attend Sasuke's entrance ceremony.”
My son's enlistment in the dark is the first step toward achieving his family's long-cherished wish.
I can't throw it away at the entrance ceremony of Sasuke.
I was really going to attend Sasuke's entrance ceremony because I couldn't bring my father to the mission.”
It's not a lie that I'm tired of everything or that I wanted to go to ninja school.”
But I didn't give up on accomplishing my mission with Sisui.”
Getting into the dark is not a stepping stone to the family's long-cherished wish.
It's a small step toward achieving the weasel's dream of becoming the most outstanding ninja in the world to end all disputes.”
I didn't mean to give up.
That's why I used my brother...
be disappointed in oneself like that
Sasuke, who is responsible for creating a bad atmosphere between his brother and father, quietly follows the weasel even though his father has been decided to attend the entrance ceremony.
Looking over his shoulder at his brother, the weasel hid his guilt and spoke.
“Left foot... Cool it down properly.”
Isn't my smile twitching when I said that?
“Yes...”
reply with a complex look
The weasel couldn't find such a word to say to the salmon.
“It's no exaggeration to say that I live for him,”
In front of the breathtaking weasel, Little Sunshine Mukai exhaled cigarette smoke into the sky.
In the hand of the non-cigarette holder is a silver bottle of wine.
Around the three men staring at each other were more than ten foggy ninja.
be already unconscious
The weasel and Sisui were the only ones who knocked down.
“Be quiet and surrender, Little Sunshine Mukai.The shadow of fire is tolerant of those who turn themselves in.I won't do anything to kill you.”
said Sisui, standing next to the weasel.
His eyes were already full of three twists and turns.
Mukai smiled sarcastically, looking down not to see it.
“When it comes to instantaneous Sisui, it's a little famous ninja.Still, if you only walk in the sun, that's all you can feel.Or...
Suddenly he stopped, and Mukai tilted the silver bottle.
“Do you mean you're still a boy?”
With only his right eye wide open, Mukai sneers at him.
That condescending attitude creases Sisui's eyebrows.
“You know what I did, don't you?Then you'll know if you'll be allowed to turn yourself in.”
flap one's thumb to remove the ashes
“It's a great honor for two geniuses to be stabbed.”
I threw a cigarette into a portable ashtray out of my pocket.
put a lid on a silver bottle and put it in one's vest pocket
“It won't be dangerous at this rate,”
The muttering chakra of Mukai suddenly increased.
be back in shadow
At the same time as Mukai's chakra increased, the weasel disentangled itself from the shadow of Kinoba Hospital.
“My son must be angry by now to know that the old man I was talking about was a shadow.”
Mukai scratched his head and stared at the two in front of him.
`I'll have to go home and make excuses,'
Lower your hips deeply and raise your palms to chest level.show one's unique posture
“How could a ninja as much as Anta become a spy?”
“There's a lot going on when it comes to Ossan.and you'll never know all that until you get older.So I don't understand half of what I told you now.”
“What will happen to your sick son if you die?”
“I'm not going to die here for all that.Even if I kill you guys,”
Countless streaks run around Mukai's left eye.
“White eyes!”
By the time the weasel shouted, the weasel had flown back.
“I can't help it, so forgive me.”
I heard an angry voice in the weasel's ear.
be at a loss for time
The weasel's right and left palms attack the weasel's throat and pigeon tail at a tremendous speed.
I thrust a hand sword into my stomach toward the tail of the pigeon, and bent my index and middle fingers inside my body.
“Huh!”
Mukai's hand sword, exhaled with spirit, pulls out the weasel's intestines.
In a moment...
The weasel, whose stomach was torn apart, flew up into a huge number of crows.
Instead of avoiding the beak that attacked him, Mukai overcame it as if nothing had happened with her graceful manner.
Sisui sneaks up behind it.
“The art of fire escape and fireball.”
A fireball was thrown out of the mouth of Sisui, who had quickly signed the mark.
With his right palm in front of his face, Mukai faced the fireball.
a direct hit
Disagreeable
The fireball split in half in front of Mukai.
It didn't look like something had been done.
But that doesn't mean I'm wearing a special mind.
Before Mukai's eyes, the fireball itself looked like a weasel.
“Manipulating the soft fist to cut off the enemy's chakra means familiarizing yourself with the flow.The art is a lump of chakra.If you can read the flow, it won't be that difficult to break it.”
Mukai, who gave a pleasant explanation, ran toward Sisui.
of a person's face, to be clouded
Even though Sisui himself has more physical skills than anyone else, he is a jiken user.
be not something of the physical arts level
I couldn't help but cloud my face.
The weasel is looking down from afar at all the developments so far.
the territory of Fireland, which left Kinoha's hideaway village and climbed north for about three hours.
The three of them fought in a small basin surrounded by high mountains.
There are many places where no one can hide.
The weasel lurked in the shade of a rock and watched their fight.
The only thing that confronted Mukai was the shadow alter ego.
The weasel hasn't left this place since the weasel never left.
The opponent is a jiken user.
It's too hard to kill in close combat.
The game depends on a long-range blow.
Photography is the art of the eyes.
trick one's opponent with chakra in one's eyes
In other words, if your eyes are within reach, you can trap the enemy.
The intersection of eyes is not something that happens only to the conscious mind.
I thought it was a casual view, and the enemy looked around.
As long as the axis of vision is exactly the same as the axis of vision of the operator, it can create a situation in which the eyes intersect even if the other person is unconscious.
The weasel was waiting for the moment.
And for that reason, Sisui is struggling to align Mukai's position with the weasel's axis of view in a dangerous close-up battle.”
If only I had exercised the pupil of the circle-eye, the rest would have been done.”
As long as a small crack is formed in Mukai's heart, it can be used as a clue to gradually erode his eyes.”
The problem is the first blow.
Experienced and able to feel the flow of chakra as a visual connection limit
Mukai, the user of "White Eye," naturally knows what a circle-shaped eye is like.
It was a strategy to destroy it.
Sisui, who dodged Mukai's left thrust, leaned back wide.
It's just an opportunity, and Mukai narrows the gap.
The cistern flapped backward.
At that moment, Mukai's face turned toward the weasel's lurking rock shadow.
But the two axes of vision are not yet crossed.
Mukai turned to the landing Sisui and suddenly turned away.
I activated my ring-shaped eyes.
Naturally, Sisui's circular eyes are positive.
The place where Mukai turned away was the direction of the weasel's rock shadow.
The weasel's eyes, which sharpen their consciousness toward the enemy, intersect with Mukai's eyes, which unconsciously captures the scenery...
It was supposed to be
Just as it was a piece of paper, Mukai suddenly kicked the ground and flew away.
a tremendous leap
When you land, you kick another rock and jump.
This place is known.
For a moment, Mukai noticed a weasel through his white eyes.
Maybe that's when I found out that I was activating my ring-shaped eyes.”
Is it to check your intuition or to drag weasels into the battlefield?
Anyway, Mukai jumps straight to the weasel's lurking rock.
The weasel doesn't miss Sisui laughing behind it.
Sisui disappeared.
The next thing I saw was Mukai's eyes.
“Hit!”
The tongue-tapping muskai was knocked off on a rough rocky place.
Shisui's kick explodes on his face.
skull-split
What the weasel saw was a broken log.
“Shadow alter ego!”
“Yes...”
I heard Mukai's voice behind the weasel who screamed loudly.
a soft fist position
“Two palms of fortune-telling,”
the left and right palms of one's hands beating one's stomach in successionally
“Four palms of fortune-telling,”
I didn't have time to breathe. This time, four shots.
“Eight signs and eight palms,”
Mukai's series of attacks relentlessly attack, as if ridiculing weasels' thinking of seeking a clue to the counterattack.
“Whoa!”
A mournful voice came from the right side of Mukai.
have a blind spot in one's eyes
At the edge of the hazy weasel's vision, the figure of Sisui, who kicked, was shaking.
“Sisui...”
The reason why I had time to mutter was because Mukai was in a defensive position.
Disagreeable
be easy in the word defense
Mukai, who avoided jumping kicks just by tilting her head, grabbed Sisui's neck with her protruding left hand and hung her up high.
Mukai supported the strong young man's body with only one arm.
The strangled sis is struggling desperately.
But the five fingers stuck in my throat won't come off easily.
“Training is what we do to overcome our weaknesses.
It was the first step in my training to cover the blind spot of the white eye that appeared only on one side with body surgery.Don't underestimate Ossan too much, boys.”
“Kohikko Mukai...”
The weasel unconsciously called the name of the powerful enemy in front of him.
I'm stepping forward before I know it.
“What? Do you want me to kill you?”
It was certainly a situation where I could have taken it that way.
What kind of counterattack do weasels have left now that they have been shot hard and the flow of chakra all over their bodies has been cut off?
Moving forward without any countermeasures is an act that cannot be complained about even if it is judged to be barbaric.”
But your feet won't stop you from moving forward.
I don't remember ordering him to go straight to Mukai.
“Then I'll make it as easy as I want,”
“Ugh!”
Mukai put a lot of effort into holding Shisui's neck.
I'm going to kill my throat like this.
“Stop it!”
The weasel's eyes sparkled.
“How could such an obvious magic work for me?”
I said Mukai turned away from the weasel.
In front of him... there was a close friend's face.
“Kaleidoscope wheeled eyes...”
whispered Sisui.
My friend's red eyes were different from any weasel's.
A small black dot is drawn in the center of the pupil, and a circle, also known as an outer circle, floats with spherical spots in the shape of a circle.
The power varies depending on the number of jade, but this form itself is common to the family.
But that's not the case with Sisui.
The three-way jade is huge and connected, and the small black spot in the center of the eye disappears to form a red cavity.
If the ratio of red to black in the normal circle-shaped eyes was about eight to two, the ratio of red to black in Sisui's eyes would be five to five.”
Perhaps less than a thousandth of a second of Sisui's and Mukai's.
be at the last minute of one's normal circle of vision
Sisui won't miss that moment.
Without a doubt, Mukai must have fallen in love with magic...
“Oh, my God!”
When the restraint was lifted, Sisui cried blankly.
In front of him, there was a figure of Mukai falling down with blood droplets flying from his stomach.
The weasel stood staring at it.
I cut myself open.
As soon as Sisui activated her ring-shaped eyes, Mukai, who had slightly stiffened her body, suddenly cut her belly in one letter when she took the kunai out of her pocket.
“Stay strong, Mukai!”
Shisui shouts, squatting down and hugging Mukai's head.
“He's a spy from another village...If the brain is interfered with, surgery is performed to kill itself.I can't help it any more.”
Blood spouted from Mukai's coughing mouth.
“Oh, it's the first time I've ever seen someone fall in love with his eyes at that time...Oh, what the hell is that?”
Sisui won't answer.
“Is it our secret art?”
Concerned about the stagnant sisui, the weasel called out to Mukai.
“Do you have anything to say?”
“Well, this is what happened...Oh, what I did was decided by my own discretion...My daughter-in-law and child have nothing to do with it...”
“Do you mean betrayal is your own sin?”
“That's a good story for insects...”
have trembling hands in one's arms looking for something
The weasel pushed away the weasel's fingers and pulled out the object.
pick a cigarette out of the box and hold it out to Mukai's mouth
“Fire, fire...”
Now Sisui took the lighter out of his pocket and lit the tip of his cigarette.
He took a deep breath, took a deep breath, poured it down to the bottom of his lungs, and Mukai exhaled smoke savorily.”
“This is how ninja died..."I'll be waiting over there first...”
My palm with a cigarette stuck in my finger fell off, and Mukai just stopped moving.
“It's over,”
said Sisui, shaking with fatigue.
The weasel nodded silently and replaced the answer.
“About the circle-shaped eye...”
“Would you mind keeping quiet with the villagers?”
mutter Sisui, staring at Mukai's face
“Yes,”
“Kaleidoscope wheeled eyes...”
Sisui's eyes, which I said, reflected the pattern of that degenerate ring-shaped eye again.
“When the time comes, I'll tell you everything.”
The weasel was irresistibly attracted to the unknown power of his friend.”
“Roban...”
The weasel was staring upright at the muttering Danzo, looking down at the papers.
This is the room of the Danzo in the mansion given to the "root.”
Sitting with an ebony desk in front of him, he rested his left elbow on the armrest, and held the papers in his right hand, turning no attention to the weasel.
“The captain is a scarecrow,”
“Yes,”
replied the weasel succinctly.
I've been curious about the man standing next to the elephant for a while.
He is a man of white tiger-a white tiger-faced man.
There is no clear reason for what is or is not.
But somehow, I was curious about the man.
The eyes behind the round hole in the white surface have been staring at the weasel like they're going to sleep for a long time ago.
For some reason, that nasty stare disturbed my heart.”
“That man is excellent.”
Danzo told me to swear.
Field scarecrow...
I was saved by a weasel shortly after he became a ninja.
On a mission to guard the daimyo of the land of fire, an unidentified man attacked Tenma from the same team.
The weasel, who had not opened his eyes yet, was even prepared to die because of the overwhelming difference in ability.
But the man suddenly muttered the name of Kakashi and disappeared.”
I still don't know exactly why the man disappeared then.”
But the man muttered Kakashi's name and disappeared.
Is it for fear of his power or for some other reason?I can't confirm it now.
“He has darkness.That's the most important factor for the dark side.”
Darkness...
Do you have it yourself?
The weasel asks himself.
“Don't worry, you have enough darkness.”
said Danzo, as if he had seen through his heart.
It's not surprising that weasels have been in contact with many times.
If you have a good insight into the other person's feelings, you can say the answer to your thoughts with a certain amount of conjecture.
Danzo is just using the technology.
“I prepared a transfer present.”
said the elephant, leaving the materials on his desk.
Put the ebony chair under the same table and stand next to the tiger's face and look at the weasel.
and put his hand on the man's shoulder, and he smiled with a rare cheerful smile.
“This man is to be lent to the Lobby,”
The root of the elephant is also part of the dark, but it is completely separated from the dark side of the third generation fire shadow in terms of command system and leadership.
Therefore, weasels do not exchange information or personnel frequently in the dark.”
“Don't worry, of course I got Hilzen's permission.”
Once again, Danzo uttered a line that seemed to see through his heart.
Weasels don't like this arrogant talk no matter how many times they hear it.
“It's my first time.Sugart Shinshimasu.”
Suddenly the tiger's face spoke.
It's hard to hear, perhaps because there's something stuck in my throat, but every corner of my voice is mixed with dry sounds.
“Sugaru had a serious illness in his throat when he was young, and since then he has lost his voice.”
“I need to talk."Nadha's mission is difficult.Sinodesga, what else is Nokotdecitala other than Sole?”
I felt uncomfortable in my voice, but it was a light tone.
seem to have a friendly personality
“You can use this man as your limb.”
“Limbs and feet?”
“Hi,”
Sugaru answered the weasel who asked Danzo.
“I'm a rootless man."Danzo-sama's command is absolute nanodes.Dakara, I'm determined to give up my life for the rest of my life, and I'm determined to give up my life for the rest of my life.”
snidely sarcastic Sugaru
The weasel stared at the elephant without even a smile.
“I can do it alone in the dark.”
“Don't take it too seriously.Sugaru was lent from the root to the furnace team.I don't even know the captain's causal relationship with you.If you're not conscious of Sugaru, that's fine.But Sugaru will always keep you safe.”
“Safety? Are you saying someone is targeting me?”
“We were the first dark side, only eleven.It's enough title to be prejudiced and jealous.”
Certainly, when I met with the group of robbers, I was baptized by my friends on the way to the training ground that became the venue.
I didn't hit it directly, but it rained endlessly from the sky.”
be under silent pressure as if it were blocking the way to the exercise ground
The weasel walked out calmly without avoiding or protesting.
Kakashi, who noticed his colleagues' actions, advised him, but no one really reflected on himself.”
“The Eagle is buying you.I don't want them to die early because of jealousy.”
“No matter who attacks me...”
“Don't lick the ninja in the dark,”
An elephant cuts off the weasel's words.
“The closer you get to the center of the village, the more people don't like us.There's nothing strange about people trying to kill you under the guise of death on duty.What would our family think if you died?”
“No way...”
“I'm saying there's a possibility of that.”
The weasel nodded loudly to affirm the weasel's thinking.
The weasel dies on duty.
Fathers suspect it was a conspiracy of the villagers.
The weasel's death will be a great catalyst for those who are dissatisfied with the family's position.
The weasel felt a chill run down his spine when he thought his death might trigger the coup.
“You are already in a position of great responsibility to both your village and your family.”
Leaving the Sugaru, he went around the table and stood in front of the weasel, and the elephant touched his shoulder gently.
“You must be a bridge between the village and the family, so live a long life.”
Danzo said the same thing as my father.
The village of Kinoha Hidden is a family...
Are they juxtaposites?
There must be a family among the people who live in a village hidden from trees.
Isn't the relationship between the two unnatural in the first place?Why don't Kinoba control the family completely?
Why are the compatriots so dissatisfied with the village when they even have autonomy?
a link between the two
According to my father, the pipe.
According to Danzo, it's a bridge.
They're both the same.
“Your life will be protected by the eagle.Don't worry, do your duty as a dark man.Weasel.”
To Danzo, who spoke with satisfaction,
The weasel returns a small bow and leaves the room at once.
“It's been a long time...”
Izumi said with her head down.
There's a weasel in a small park in the family village.
The dark part was successfully incorporated, and it was evening when I finished reporting to Danzo.”
When I stood at the entrance of the village, I happened to meet Izumi on her way home from work.”
Instead of inviting them from either side, they naturally turned to the park.
Izumi is on a swing alone, and the weasel is sitting on a bench behind her.
“I'm sorry, then,”
“At that time?”
The weasel asked back.
Izumi looked over her shoulder as she kept swinging.
“Look, at the teahouse in the village...”
remembered
Izumi is apologizing for running out of the store in anger.”
Come to think of it, it's been since then that we talked alone.
Many things have happened since then, and honestly, weasels didn't have time to think about Izumi.”
So far, I've completely forgotten what happened in the teahouse.”
First of all, even if you apologize now, the weasel wasn't angry at all at that time, so it's not even a matter of forgiveness.”
“I'm more sorry,”
“Why is the weasel apologizing?”
“I didn't think Izumi was that worried.”
“Huh...”
Looking forward, Izumi began to swing loudly.
“What?”
“I thought it was like a weasel,”
Izumi said in a cheerful tone as if she were in a better mood.
The weasel can't keep up with the sudden change of heart.”
The weasel tries to change the subject, thinking that it will remain out of tune at this rate.”
“How's the mission going?”
“It's nothing compared to the weasel,”
I said Izumi kicked the swing and flew into the air.
Just turn forward and land beautifully.
Izumi looked back with her thin hands spread out from side to side.
“It's kind of convenient to take care of the wife of a feudal lord and help her move to a government office in Fireland.”
“I see...”
The weasel's mouth cracked naturally.
I was relieved to hear that Izumi had not experienced a dangerous mission.
I tried not to look at the answer to the question of why I was relieved.
Weasels think they are still half-ninja.”
So I couldn't afford to take Izumi seriously.”
“I want to walk the same way as the person I like..."I wonder if it's a bad thing to think so.”
I think I understand Izumi's feelings when she left.
But I can't respond.
“Hey, weasel,”
“What?”
“What if... what if...If you hadn't been ninja, what would you have been?”
“I've never thought about it,”
The weasel was born to ninja parents.
And I had no doubt that I was going to be a ninja.”
I also think ninja can only have the power necessary to achieve my dream of eliminating conflicts in this world.”
So I couldn't think of any other way but ninja.
“I see...”
Izumi looked down lonely.
“You went into the dark,”
“Did you hear that?”
“There's no one I don't know in the village.”
The dark side is a very secretive department.
My ninja was also asked by the village not to reveal her status as much as possible.”
The weasel's dark appointment has already spread throughout the village...
Speaking of the strength of family unity, it sounds good, but is it really okay to leak so much information?What would you do if you could easily say the word coup and be asked by the villagers?
“Hey, weasel,”
Izumi's voice brings weasels back to reality.
“I'm scared,”
“What?”
“I feel like the weasel is going farther and farther...”
I was suddenly shocked.
Izumi's head is under her neck.
“A, Izumi...”
“Oh, I'm sorry, weasel.But let me stay like this a little longer.”
The weasel was helpless and waited for Izumi to calm down.
“Well, we're only eleven years old...But now you're a weasel...Where are you going, weasel?”
“I'm not going anywhere,”
Maybe...
The weasel swallowed the last word.
“You're a little disappointed, aren't you?”
said the fox-faced man to the weasel standing by the simple door. 
Standing opposite the weasel as if holding the door.
The man repeated cool words to the weasel in silence.
“It's not always dangerous to be in the dark.Protecting the shadow of a fire is also a great task.”
“I know,”
replied the weasel calmly.
Like a man, his face is covered with foxes.
The man's face is a suspension, while the weasel's eyes are round.
The name of the man wearing the hanging-eye mask is a field scarecrow.
be the captain of the underworld and the weasel's immediate supervisor
I'm only about 20 years old, but I've been with the dark side of the village for eight years.
He is capable and trusted by the shadow of fire.
The weasel has known this man for a long time.
When Tenma died...
It was this scarecrow who came to help me.
If Kakashi had appeared earlier then, Tenma might not have died.”
Ninja values only reality and results.
The death of Tenma is an irreversible fact.that's too late
Weasels have no intention of complaining about what if.
“Have you learned the basic tactics of the dark side?”
Kakashi asked me a safe question.
be a good boss who cares about the feelings of his new subordinates
“Killing Friends”
It was a word that he who spoke ill of Kakashi would always say.”
The weasel went into the dark and heard it several times.
But they are all the words of those who are years older than Kakashi and who are content with their subordinates.”
be nothing but a slander of jealousy and jealousy
“Captain Kakashi will kill his friends to accomplish his mission...”
The faces of those who cursed so abominably were always ugly.
In fact, they are still worried about weasels who have been in the dark and are working hard to find a clue to their conversation.”
“It's all in my head,”
“As expected,”
For weasels who read a lot about ninja platoon management, the dark side's unique tactical system was very interesting.”
Formanser, three-man cell, two-man cell.
It's all about getting away with it's all about being alone.
In every situation that ninja might encounter on a mission, it always includes practical tactics to seek the possibility of performing the mission from an aggressive position.
Everything from positive movement, disturbance, formation and cooperation of defense was specialized in defeating the enemy and accomplishing the mission.
Weasels read thick tactical books specializing in the dark overnight, driven by intellectual curiosity.
“I've only been called the fastest ninja school student.”
“What does the youngest graduate say?”
“When I graduated, I was in the middle of the war and needed ninja for everything, so things are different now.”
Speaking of which, the current ninja school system is different from when weasels graduated.
When the weasel graduated, there were still remnants of the war.
So if I could be recognized for my ability, I would have skipped grades and graduated early.”
But now that we have peace, ninja has the will to take care of them over the years, and they can't graduate as quickly as they used to.”
As a result, no matter how talented Sasuke is, he can't be ninja until he is eleven years old.
“It's just in my head.I can't say I memorized it unless I actually coordinate my movements with my friends.”
“You're all right,”
said Kakashi, as if he had seen it.
There is no excessive expectation, carelessness or irresponsibility in the sound.”
It was a very natural tone.
That's why it's so convincing.
“I hope you will be proud of the dark side.”
“Thank you very much,”
A reliable boss...
There was something about Kakashi that made me think so.
No matter how many times I come here, I can't like this place...
In the heat-dominated shrine, weasels took a deep breath through their noses.
It's the compatriots of the family who fill the surroundings.
have a regular meeting
There was also Izumi who had become a subordinate figure.
The weasel is at the bottom of the table.
Several Izumi of the same year sat in the same row.
Maybe it's because of the heat, but I can't move my head down.
I wanted to talk to you, but contrary to the heat, there was silent pressure not to allow rash action in the shrine.
“Let's get started,”
My father, who was sitting in the front row, stood up and turned to everyone.
Everyone was gasping for their father's words.
The scene was like the founder and believer of some religion.”
A leader who bears the resentment of his family...
It was the dark face of the weasel's father, Fukaku.”
“It has been officially decided that my son, the weasel, will join the dark side.I've already begun to perform my duties as a dark side.”
Quiet cheers echoed throughout the shrine.
“Now our family has a pipe to the center of the village.From now on, I will not only receive it from the village, but also explore it.”
It's not my father who does it.
“Weasel,”
The father called his son's name.
The weasel stood up silent and waited for his father's words.
“Did you notice anything when you joined the dark side?”
Too vague a question baffles weasels.
The villagers are prejudiced against their families.
That's probably the answer my father wants.
In fact, the dark circles don't welcome weasels to join the army, and some people show off their harassment.”
But I couldn't say that it was done simply because I was a member of the family.”
The weasel's youth of eleven is also one of the reasons why they are irritated.”
“It's true that the villagers are wary of our family and don't like it.”
“Yes!”
The weasel, who uttered the words that his father asked for, echoed from the seat.
“But...”
continued the weasel, heaving his voice, as if to suppress the thoughtless heckler.
“But I don't feel the aggressive dislike of persecuting my family.I think their feelings are just like everyone's hatred and jealousy.”
Only my father's right eyebrow, which I was listening to with my arms folded, stood up trembling.
“There are times when you say that jealousy and jealousy gather together and become a great wave of emotion.”
The compatriots began to make a fuss as if they agreed with their father.
The weasel spewed out words with all his might, as if to distinguish the herd of voices.
“If you keep making negative predictions like that, everything will be reduced to negative phenomena!”
A man stood up as if he were standing in front of a father staring at his son in silence.
My father's confidant. We're palmists.
“Hey, weasel,”
His narrow eyes filled with murder, and the palm called out.
In silence, the weasel continued to stare at his father's confidant.
“You've got a lot of support for the village.Which side are you on, Satoshi or your family?I don't think you joined the dark side and lost your judgment because of your cuteness.”
“You shouldn't frame things with words...”
“What?”
“Enemy... Friend...When you distinguish things by means of language, you can't see what you really mean.
You'll have to step into a place where you don't have to step in.”
“I don't have time to ask and answer questions that I don't understand.Which side are you on?Weasel!”
The yelling of Yashiro silenced the temple.
“It's fixed, isn't it?”
continued the weasel, glaring at his father's confidant.
“I'm a member of the family.”
“Wait a minute?”
On the way home from the meeting, the weasel walking away from his father was stopped by Sisui.
The father, suspicious of his son, turned around and noticed his best friend.
“What's the matter with you?”
“I wanted to talk to your son a little...”
The weasel and the weasel alternately.
“Don't be too late,”
he said, and began to walk alone on the street at night.
“Sisui...”
The weasel called his friend's name when they were alone.
“I understand your feelings painfully.”
My best friend, who wrinkled his eyebrows by saying so, seemed to be deeply frustrated.”
“Yaslo is the leader of the coup advocates.All the villagers are enemies to him.”
The abuse I just received still lingers in my ears.
The weasel lowered his face as if to turn away from the image of the palm tree floating in his head.
“Just as you went into the dark, so did I.”
“What do you mean?”
“I negotiated directly with Mr. Fire Shadow and gained the authority to investigate the family's internal affairs alone.”
What does it mean to investigate the inside of the family?
When the weasel was confused by words that he couldn't understand immediately, Sisui said as if she had realized them.
“I've left my normal duties so that my family won't make any more disturbing moves.The family's discontent exploded.In order to prevent this from happening in advance, I was assured that I could take action at my own discretion and that I belonged to the dark club.But it was nominal, and I was treated as a direct subordinate to the shadow of fire.So your fathers don't know about my dark side, and few people know about me.”
“You don't look like a shadow of fire...”
“Don't worry, I didn't mention the coup.”
It was obvious that if the plot of the family had become known to the village, they would not be able to keep each other in check as they are now.”
“Weasel, from the inside of an organization called Darkness, and from the standpoint of ninja under the direct control of Mr. Fire Shadow, I will continue to fight to stop the family's reckless explosions.”
“I will never forget my promise to you.”
Sisui sticks out his fist.
The weasel stuck out his fist so that he could match it.
“We must stop the coup at any cost.”
At the strong voice of Sisui,
The weasel nodded in agreement.
An unbelievable sight lay before my eyes.
A monitor is installed closely in a windowless room underground in a dark building.
What I saw there was a lot of familiar scenery for weasels.”
“The Kuo Incident...The upper management of the village suspected the involvement of the family.”
The weasel listened to the Kakashi standing next to him while looking at the monitor.
“The upper management, who was not satisfied with isolating the family settlements at the edge of the village, began to monitor the settlements thoroughly for 24 hours by the dark side.”
“Is that the room?”
“Yes,”
The countless buttons and levers in front of the monitor allow dark friends to operate the screen.
I could predict everyone's relaxed expressions even though I couldn't see their expressions.
That's how careless my friends are.
reasonable
For my colleagues, it's just a monotonous task to stare at the monitor.”
We don't even care how important it is for our family.”
“Were we all watching?”
“You don't have to check it out one by one, but this is...”
“I know.I will never report it to my family.”
can't possibly say
The father's anger would be aggravated by the fact that the village was watched 24 hours a day.
It's just a convenient material for those who are already making a fuss about coup d'etat.”
The weasel was sent to the dark by his father as a spy on the inside of the village.
This fact should be reported to the family as soon as it is faithfully fulfilled.”
When the weasel gives up talking, he also gives up being a spy for his family.
“I'll have you watch here the next day.”
“Do you want me to keep an eye on my family?”
Until then, a monkey-faced man sat in front of the monitor listening silently to the interaction between the mustard and the weasel stood up suddenly.
“A mission is a mission, company or whatever.Your family pulled in nine tails.That's why I'm being watched like this.Come to terms with the reality, newcomer.”
“Kou,”
I called out the monkey's name as if the scarecrow were scolding me.
Then another colleague sitting next to Kou turned his chair around and turned to the mustard.
have a round face on one's cat face
“Koitz, my sister was killed by nine tails.That's why we don't have a good impression of our family.”
“Don't put your personal feelings into the mission.”
Kakashi said, and Kou approached with his head down.
“I know, Sunmasen,”
bow one's head past the mustard
“Then I'll order you, newbie.”
A round-faced cat follows the dissatisfied kou.
“Oh, it's here,”
said Kakashi, looking at the door where they had disappeared.
“Please join him.”
Standing in front of the door was Sugaru, a ninja who was with an elephant.
It's been more than four hours since Kakashi left.
Sugaru doesn't say a word.
Originally, weasels, who were not good at casual conversation, didn't worry about silence.
All we have to do is stare at the monitor.
It was a coincidence that I found it.
It's a mission, but the weasel's blood is not frozen enough to keep an eye on the lives of his compatriots.”
Keep changing the picture in front of you by switching the surveillance camera image frequently and keeping it as far away as possible.
And by continuing to watch the moment in a row, I managed to keep my composure.”
Weasels trained to remember scenes at a glance are proud to perform their duties sufficiently.”
Feeling a little uncomfortable with one of those momentary fragments, the weasel stopped.
a composition of a torii looking out at Minamigano Shrine
The stone-paved passage runs straight from the stone torii to the shrine building.
The space just in the middle of the torii and the shrine building looked weasel-like.”
be only an instantaneous occurrence
The view on the monitor was already quiet.
It's probably a slight screen disturbance that Sugaru doesn't notice.
Even if someone else sees it, it's just a change in the camera.
But the weasel was familiar with the current chaos of the landscape.”
The scenery near the center of the stone pavement was swirling about a certain point.
It's as if the surrounding space is being sucked in toward that point.
A masked man...
The phenomenon behind the monitor was exactly the same as that used by the weasels to escape during their duty as daimyo guards in the land of fire.
“Why is he...”
After muttering carelessly, the weasel realized the existence of Sugaru and regretted it.
Sugaru is staring at the monitor in front of him.
Regretting his immaturity, the weasel went back into the sea of thought.
When Tenma died, the weasel saw the shining man's eyes clearly behind the mask.
A black dot appeared in the center of the crimson eye, and three balls were placed in the concentric circle.
That man's right eye was a circle-shaped eye.
That means he belongs to the family.
More than three years have passed since the incident.
Even now, sometimes the scene of Temma's death comes back to my mind.”
Tenma, who died without knowing what had happened with her hideous fear all over her face.
At that time, the weasel was amazed at the overwhelming difference between the masked man and himself.
I was disappointed with my helplessness and opened my eyes.
In other words, the masked man is the man who awakened the weasel as a true ninja.”
a colleague's enemy or benefactor
I felt a strange connection with a masked man.
For the past three years, weasels have been dreaming of who they really are.
I thought we were a family in the category of reasoning, but today it's changed to certainty.
The blurring in the video is due to the mask.
And that man appeared at Nankano Shrine.
And on the day Temma died, the circle-shaped eyes shining in the back of the mask.
Everything shows that we are a family.
So who are you in the family?
For the next three years, weasels have been in contact with all the men in the village.
There is no one in the family who has ninja skills to manipulate space like that man
No one had the same voice or sign as that man.
And above all, the weasel himself had an intuition that men were not villagers.”
So who is it?
Our family has lived in the village since the founding of Kinoba.
I don't hear that people other than my family have wheeled eyes.
There are some exceptions, such as the scarecrow, but they are also in the leaves of the tree
It's a matter of great importance to the country if precious blood ties like the eyes of the circle and the eyes of the white eye leak out of the village.
It can't be left on the village record
So far, there has been no talk of the outflow of ring-shaped eyes to other villages.
When you think about it, you naturally narrow down your options.
The first option is the possibility that the family survived and became a masked man while they were thought to have died in the last war.”
During the war, it was decided that if a member of our family died on the battlefield, the circle-shaped eyes would always be taken home by other ninja.”
So it's not possible that the body was taken away.
Then it is more appropriate to think that the person who thought he was dead is alive and that he is walking into the village with his eyes drawn.”
And the second option is that in the past, the person who left the family was a masked man.
This is less likely than the first option.
Because since Kinoba was founded, there has been only one ninja who has left the family and left the village.”
We're madara...
He founded Kinohakure no Sato with the pillars of the Sente clan.
It is said that he escaped from the village and died fighting against the pillars in a place now called the Valley of the End of Life.
It's impossible for a dead person to live.
The second option, at that point, should have been thrown away.”
But weasels can't forget this second option.
At that time, the overwhelming chakra and presence of the masked man was stronger than any ninja that weasels had ever met.”
If such ninja had died during the war, it would have been remembered in history.”
But there is no account of the death of such an able ninja anywhere in the history of the war.”
Then...
It was more convincing for weasels to think that Madara was alive.”
“... Tachi,”
I heard someone in the distance.
“Weasel,”
Sugaru's hard voice brings weasels back to reality.
“Solo-Solo-Changing Time Dazo”
“Ah...”
The weasel answers vaguely.
I was absorbed in my thoughts, but I kept pressing the button with my fingertips.”
The monitor, which I don't watch at all while looking at it, is changing the scenery around.
“Are you all right?”
“What are you talking about?”
answer Sugaru's question with a question
“No... There's no other demonstration.”
Sugaru didn't talk any more.
It's been two months since I got into the dark.
But as always, monotonous days continue.”
The main contents of my job are guarding the office of the shadow of fire and training with my friends, so I haven't had a mission to risk my life yet
“If there are so many assassinations and important missions, the village will not be peaceful.It's proof that we're free like this is peace.”
Kakashi laughed cheerfully at saying so.
The village is peaceful...
But the weasel wonders why.
It's supposed to be peaceful in the village. Why is my heart so disturbed?
Why do you feel so rushed?
It's the family's fault.
Behind the peace of the village, our compatriots want trouble.
That's what disturbed weasels.
We must stop the coup at all costs.
But I couldn't find a concrete solution.
Even if you say you're going to move with Sisui, you can't control the family's impulse even if you open your hands side by side.”
The weasel's impatience is that he can't find a solution.
“Hahaha!”
A tearing cry pierced the weasel's ear on his way home from duty.
There was a little park beyond the weasel's view.
It's too late for evening.
The sun had long since set west, and was beginning to be enveloped in darkness.
The boy who would have burst out laughing is standing on the swing.
There were three figures running away from him.
Maybe it's his friend
“You two can't compete with this whirlpool Naruto!”
cried the swing boy.
The figures walk away talking to each other without turning to him.
The boy, who called himself Naruto, sat down lonely on the swing looking at the three close figures.
What I said earlier is obviously strong.
The weasel knew from the time the boy called himself.
Whirlpool Naruto is everywhere in the village.
The boy in front of me is involved in the Kuo incident that terrorized the villagers.
a child with nine tails in his body
Everybody's quiet when he goes down the street.
He was the only one who didn't know he had nine tails.
be Naruto himself
live in fear of the disaster of one's hometown before one knows it
Naruto doesn't understand why he's oppressed by people.”
His parents are no longer in this world.
No one gives him free love.
The weasel was somehow turning his foot in the park.
walk quietly toward a weak swing
I sat down next to Naruto.
`Oh!'
Naruto was surprised and almost fell off the swing when he noticed a weasel that suddenly appeared.
He flapped his hands and feet more than necessary, managed to stay on the swing, and threw a suspicious look at the weasel.”
“Don't surprise me,”
“I'm sorry,”
“I mean, who is Anta?”
Naruto stared at me with his eyes wide open.
The weasel was looking to the front, swinging its swing
“I don't care who I am,”
“My mother told me not to talk to strangers...”
“You're not here, are you?”
said the weasel.
Naruto put his right hand behind his head with a shy smile.
“Do you know that?”
“The whirlpool naruto is a famous rascal,”
“Am I that famous?”
“In a way,”
“Hehe...”
Naruto laughs happily without understanding the weasel's irony.
“My friend ran away.”
“They're not friends who don't understand my pranks,”
Naruto's voice is so bright.
He seemed to be desperately cheerful in order not to realize his loneliness.”
Everybody knows who Naruto is.
The Kuo incident still left a deep scar on the village.
While suspected of manipulating the nine tails, the family is still stuck in the influence of this incident.”
The weasel himself has been slandered many times for this incident.
There is probably no one in this village who will come into contact with the boy who is the cause of his death.”
Naruto, so to speak, is the biggest victim of the Kuo Incident.”
The weasel doesn't know how he sealed Naruto's nine tails.
But I don't think it's a good nerve to seal up a lump of disaster for a young baby.”
Didn't you think the child would be persecuted if you did that?
The details of the Guo incident are strictly confidential.
The truth is hidden in the dark, and Naruto is the only one left.
Naruto is part of the darkness of the village.
This village is built at the expense of Naruto.
The people in the upper management keep Naruto in check of the disaster, and by persecuting his family, he continues to move his village skillfully, directing people's dissatisfaction elsewhere.”
To conceal one's own darkness by deliberately creating it...
And now weasels are part of the darkness of the village.”
The dark side is the true darkness of the village.
“Brother!”
“Huh?”
Naruto was wide-eyed next to me.
“Are you all right to shut up all of a sudden?”
“It's all right,”
“That would have been nice,”
Naruto is looking up anxiously.
“It's about time you went home,”
“No one wants to go home...”
bend one's mouth into the shape of an arrow to make the naruto look strong
“Well, I'm going home,”
“What!”
Naruto exaggerates his surprise at the weasel who stands up.
“Cheer up,”
The weasel thinks he threw up words that didn't make him feel better.
But Naruto seemed happy, and rubbed his nose with his fingers with a laugh.
Then he jumped off the swing vigorously and stood up and pointed his index finger at the weasel.
“My name is Whirlpool Naruto!"He'll be a shadow of fire someday!”
“Well, the shadow of the fire...”
The weasel's chest caught fire.
He carried the darkness of his village, but the boy did not give up his fate.
I don't hate my hometown, I don't hate people, I believe in my dreams with straight eyes.
“I hope I can get used to it,”
“I'm sure I'll do it.Until then, remember, brother.”
Instead of smiling, the weasel turns his back to Naruto and starts walking.
The sky was full of stars.
Danzo called me.
sit on a chair with a sulky face
Next to the "root" is the figure of Sugaru, who is supposed to belong to the "Roban.”
“What about the dark side?”
“I don't know yet,”
“That's an honest impression.I'm going to have many experiences that only the dark side can do.Until then, brush your arms.”
Danzo talks as if he were his boss.
But weasels are directly related to the shadow of fire and have nothing to do with the roots.
In terms of professional relationships, Danzo and Weasels had nothing to do with each other.”
“It's nothing else I called you today.”
shut up and urge Danzo to speak
“These days, I hear that the family's settlements are harsh on outsiders.”
It is true that in recent months the villages have developed an atmosphere of exclusivity.”
It was as if the village itself had a will because my father had spoken of the word coup.”
“Are you at the regular meeting?”
The elephant came straight to the point.
Our family is under surveillance for 24 hours.
It was only natural for Danzo to know about the meeting.
“Yes,”
The weasel answered honestly, saying that there was no point in hiding it.
The elephant nods its head in satisfaction.
“I'll be frank with you.I would like to inform the eagle of the meeting.”
The weasel was struck by a voice of indescribable pressure.
“If things go on like this, our family will be ruined.I need your help to stop it.”
“Do you want me to betray my family?”
“Don't betray me.Save them.”
The elephant rested his elbows on the desk and rested his chin on his folded palms.
The left eye, like a dark cave, shoots a weasel.
“Betrayal is the act of giving disadvantage to a betrayed person.The act of reporting the contents of the meeting prevents the family from erupting excessively, and as a result, it is in the family's interest of the family.Therefore, it is not a betrayal.”
It's a clever rhetoric.
You must have been fooled by logic, but the weasel wasn't fooled.”
Whatever the consequences for the family, if you tell Danzo about the meeting, it's nothing but betrayal.”
Danzo is mistaken.
Weasels are not particular about the word betrayal.
“All right,”
“I thought you would say that if you hated fighting more than anyone else.”
answered the Lord at heart in an unexpressive voice.
I'm sorry, but Danzo is right.
The weasel has yet to find concrete measures to prevent the coup.
Danzo's offer at such a time was irresistible.”
The third generation of fire shadow will be cooperated by Sisui.
And the weasel's decision may be an opportunity to use the power of the elephant.”
By connecting with the center of the village, I'm sure we can prevent the family from erupting.”
“I don't want to do anything to deprive my family of dignity.I'll leave it up to you to choose the information that will bring to the eagle.”
“Thank you very much,”
“I beg you, weasel,"The fate of the family depends on your judgment.”
The voice of an elephant clapped on my shoulders.
The weasel's determination is not too lenient to bear the weight.”
I took a deep breath as if I were conscious of my heavy responsibility.
Somehow I smelled blood...
“I wonder if this will happen...”
muttered Kakashi next to the weasel holding his breath.
At that time, the captain was no longer wearing a black mask on the lower half of course.
I jumped up the cliff as if I were following him.
The bodies of my comrades are rolling in the hollows.
The enemy who killed was a small country, a ninja in the land of frost.
It happened just before we formed an alliance.
The ninjas of the frosty country suddenly took off their tusks while they were on a mission to exchange letters stating the final conditions for the alliance to be concluded ten days away.”
The enemy didn't want an alliance from the beginning.
There are more than 10 people against four ninja trees.
overwhelming majority
The ninja of Kinoba, who had been entrusted with receiving the letter, were killed in an instant.
Execute the annihilation of the enemy as soon as it is confirmed that the negotiations have broken down.
That's what the weasels did.
In other words, don't move until the situation is clear.
As a result, the initial action was delayed, and as a result, all our allies were wiped out.
When ninja in the land of frost appeared in a large group of ten, there was a good sign of rupture.”
If the dark side had popped out at that point, my friends might not have died.”
But if the weasels were in Kakashi's shoes, they would not be able to move until the four were wiped out.”
The scarecrow ahead lands in the enemy.
His right hand had penetrated an enemy.
The blue thunder enveloped the captain's arm.
Chidori... It's Kakashi's best technique.
By the time the captain pulled out his right arm, the weasel had landed in the middle of the enemy.
I have two more friends in the dark.
One is Sugaru.
And the other is a young ninja named Tenzo.”
be a little younger than Kakashi
But I've been in the dark for a long time.
“The dark side of the leaves!”
The next moment the enemy shouted, a thick tree trunk twined around the man's neck and strangled him like a snake.
The man couldn't resist his strength and hung his long tongue from his lips.
be a ten-elephant art
Tenzo was able to use only the first fire shadow and the intercolumn ninja technique.
“From the beginning, Kinoba had no intention of forming an alliance with us.”
Another enemy said to Kakashi,
“That's the one who set it up first,”
Without waiting for a counterargument, the plovers dug out the enemy's stomach.
The weasel heard a scream on his back.
The enemy, looking over his shoulder, is coming at him with a big sword on his back.
I looked back all over.
A great sword touches my head.
I raised my right arm quickly.
grab an enemy's right wrist by the handle
“Huh!”
“Give it up,”
tell someone by the wrist
The enemy glared coldly at the weasel, unable to even swing down his sword.
photographic eye
The enemy's body trembled and lost all its strength.
Like a broken doll, the enemy's neck flutters in front of the weasel.
Ninja swords sparkle behind the enemy.
It's amazing.
“Fire Shadow Karano Mission Ha, Destroy the Enemy”
whispered Sugaru in a weasel-only voice
I was read in an attempt to faint by the phantom of the wheeled out.
There's no need to wipe out the enemy.
Whether the messenger returns or not, this event will soon be known to the land of frost.”
If it's revenge, only those who killed four people will do it's all right.
It would be more effective to keep the frost in check if you let others live and talk about the power of the leaves.”
“I know,”
When I told Sugaru's back, who was already heading for a new enemy, the weasel aimed at the next target.
There are four enemies left.
be already out of fighting spirit
Sugaru's ninja sword flew the neck of a man who begged for his life.
At the back of it, a sharp branch created by Tenzo's ninja art runs through Kunoichi's back trying to escape.
“Now the land of frost and the leaves of trees are enemies!”
“Your lives will prevent it.”
The gently whispering Kakashi's arm penetrated the enemy's pigeon tail.
“Weasel,”
tenzo's voice
The weasel's eyes caught the enemy with a look of death.
The enemy, gripping Knai with both hands and clenching his teeth, is still less than ten years old.
The land of frost is small.
Even though the big war is over, in a country where there are still few ninjas and the national strength is immature, even such children can have enough power.”
`Oh!'
The cry of spirit is no longer a cry.
The weasel accepted the boy to his bosom.
have a sharp pain in one's stomach
There was a boy's knay stuck in it.
His thin arms trembled even when he touched the weasel's stomach.
Fear was over the limit, and tears were pouring out of the boy's eyes.
“Weasel!”
Scarecrow screams
“It's all right,”
Kakashi and others are looking at the weasel calmly.
The boy's shaking face slowly lifted up.
Tears-soaked eyes catch weasels.
“Oh, my God...”
Fear is leaking in one's voice
“You're a man of ninja.Pull yourself together.”
speak gently to the enemy
The boy was bewildered and frightened.
I shook my head from side to side and tried desperately to turn away from reality.
“You didn't run away, but turned to me.So I'll treat you like a full-fledged ninja...”
hold the knay behind one's back so that it doesn't look like a boy
I ran the blade up against the thin neck of the crying enemy.
gently pull the knay out of one's stomach and back away
A splash of blood rose from the boy's neck.
get no blood back
It's also a ninja's hobby.
The young body rolled into a pile of dead bodies, neither enemies nor allies.
“This is also a battlefield...”
whisper in an inaudible voice
Weasels ask their minds.
Are I really getting closer to my dream?
It seemed to get heavier and heavier as it flowed slowly.When he was young, he desperately wanted to be the best ninja ever, and the fence around his whole body tried to fit the weasel into the frame of "just ninja.”
I want to abandon my village, my family, and my dark side and be free...
I know it's unforgivable.
The weasel's eyes, which had lost their brilliance, stared at him forever.
“We would like to list the planned number of participants, the route of invasion, the target of attack and the target of assassination at the time of the uprising, and set the most important date of the upr next meeting.Put everyone's opinions together by then.If you have an idea, you can always come and tell me.But be very careful with the eyes of the villagers.”
At the end of my father's speech, my compatriots relaxed for a moment.
be relaxed in anticipation of the end of the meeting
But everyone's feelings were broken by the tense voice of the palm.
“Is there a weasel?”
The weasel was disgusted at the call.
“Weasel,”
An irritating voice chases the weasel who doesn't answer.
“Here he is,”
heavy-bodied
The weasel's behavior was not reprimanded, but merely ruthless.
“You were at the breakup of negotiations with the frosty country the other day, weren't you?”
「…………」
“Answer,”
“The dark side's duties should not be told to outsiders.”
“Are you serious?”
have deep wrinkles between one's eyebrows
The weasel didn't answer, just stared at the narrow eyes in front of him.
“Why did you get into the dark?”
「…………」
“It's to get a lot of information near the center of the village and let us know.”
“Yashiro,”
The father called out his confidant's name to help his silent son.
Yashiro won't answer his father, but continues to stare at the weasel.
“What did you bring to us when you went into the dark?"We have never been told the secret of the village by your mouth.”
“I don't know, so I just don't talk.”
“Is that really all?”
“What do you mean?”
The weasel's eyes sparkled with antipathy.
A long-haired man stood up next to a palm that accepted it with an invincible smile.
My house is Inavi.
He is also my father's confidant.
“You're betraying us...”
“That's enough!”
My father shouted.
Palm and Inavi shut up on my father's screen, which was so rare.
“You all know what this is like for your family.There's no way we can do anything important because we're quarreling with each other.”
「…………」
sit down dissatisfied with the palm of one'sit down
Inavi followed me so that I could be tempted.
“Sit down, weasel.”
My father stared at me.
“Weasel...”
The father whispered in a thin voice to his son who kept standing.
It was like an imploring voice.
“I'm sorry,”
The pain in my chest naturally spilled into words.
Father is desperate to get everyone together.
Why are you so servile and trying to settle things in a round way?
Is the family framework that important?
To the weasel, his father seemed to be at the mercy of the young people.
I don't understand...
“Anyway, the next meeting will decide our course.It's an important meeting. I won't allow you to be absent, so please keep that in mind.”
The meeting ended in a disturbing atmosphere, and the weasel went home alone without making eye contact with anyone.
I couldn't even see Sisui and Izumi.
The elephant looks down at Hirzen, who puts his lips on the mouth of the pipe.
fire shadow office
have no one but the two of them
“I've been in the dark for half a year...”
said Hirsen, exhaling smoke.
“What are you talking about?”
“Don't be silly. I mean the man you're looking at.”
“Huh,”
Sometimes Hirsen puts it this way.
“I'm doing my duty faithfully.”
“I see,”
“Didn't you come here to talk about him?”
be seen through
It was unbearable for Danzo, who hated being peeped into his heart more than anyone else.”
“We seem to have a direct subordinate to the family, Hilzen.”
Hirsen put his mouth on the pipe as if he had been stabbed in the sore spot.
Don't worry about the elephant.
“Didn't we give Sisui the power to separate himself from his ordinary duties and move at his discretion and discretion?And I can't believe I put my family in the dark again, though it's in name only.”
“Sisui wanted us to be free to move.The eagle only laid the path for it.”
“Did the shadow of fire listen to a ninja's selfishness?”
“We have taken into account his concern for his family.”
“If you take each and every one of them into consideration, the village won't stand.”
`I know it without your telling me!'
exclaimed Hirsen, expressing his impatience.
“Why don't you stop beating around the bush and speak up?"What on earth are you doing today, Danzo?”
It's about time I stopped oppressing you...
Danzo smiled heartily and said what he had been thinking for a long time.
“I want the eagle to have one, just as you have your own piece in our family.”
“Tekoma”
said Hilzen, with an expression of displeasure.and when he had finished listening, he raised his horns slightly to see the elephant.
“Do you want me to give the weasel to the root?”
“I never thought of that,”
“Don't be silly,”
“I don't think I'm stupid,”
Hirsen squinted to read and measure the true meaning of the elephant
deepen the countless wrinkles at the corners of one's eyes
“What are you thinking?”
“Why don't you promote the weasel to squad leader?”
“He's only eleven,”
“The captain of the dark division is over thirteen years old..."There was certainly such a rule.”
Hirzen gives Danzo an unpleasant look with a faint smile.
“The dark side is the unit responsible for the center of the village.The division commander who leads it must have sufficient judgment.Therefore, the qualifications are from the age of thirteen.”
“Enough judgment...Weasels already have that kind of thing.”
“That's not the case,”
“I'm helpless in front of my age and other abilities.”
Hirzen is silent at Danzo's hard-line stance.
“Is the covenant so important? Hirsen. We can't help but complain about our family.In order to overcome this situation, we need someone who can make effective use of his will and who is also connected to you.If you're just a dark ninja, you can't escape the command of the squad leader.To promote a weasel to squad leader means to lighten him up.”
“Don't let him belong to the "root" and put him between you and the eagle?”
“That's what it is.In our family, weasels and weasels are second to none in strength.If they were brought in, it would not be difficult to prevent a family explosion.Just as you have privileged Sisui, weasels need some authority.”
“But at the age of eleven, I'm too young to be a squad leader.”
Hirsen is lost.
One more push...
“Twelve years old, what?”
The third generation won't answer.
“As for the rules, I think we can sufficiently deal with it by raising the weasel's official age by one year?”
“Let me think a little more,”
“All right,”
Danzo is sure.
Hirsen will surely accept it.
“How's school?”
Asking his brother sitting on the bench, the weasel moistened his throat with cold juice.
“It's much more beneficial to study with your brother like this.”
Sasuke laughed up at his brother, holding the dripping can in his hands.
“It's much more beneficial to be studying with Sisui...”
When I just entered ninja school, weasels said the same thing.”
realize that brothers and sisters are alike even though it's too late
When the mission ended early and Sasuke came home, I decided to go out with him for training.”
We can't be together very often, so we actively create opportunities.”
And now, this time with Sasuke is the most healing time for weasels.”
I sweated with my brother, and I was able to escape the burden of everyday life.
When did that happen?
These days, when I meet Sisui, we talk about the future of the family.
It's been years since we studied together.
Even if I talk to Izumi, I can't be with her because I feel like her heart is moving.”
I know I'm paying too much attention, but I couldn't help it.”
In the end, I could only be myself when I was dating my younger brother's training without thinking.”
“Is school boring?”
“That's not the case...”
Sasuke stammered at the mouth of the can.
somehow understand what one's brother is thinking
“Isn't it too different to get along with your friends?”
It's because the weasel itself is like that.
Because everything was better than others, my colleagues of the same age
The way we think and deal with things is too young to talk to each other with equal values.”
I vaguely thought that Sasuke would probably be the same.”
I felt like my brother had one aspect of being clumsy in socializing.”
“I don't think I'll make it any better.Because they can't do ninja skills or study at all...”
“What about Naruto?”
“What?”
Sasuke's eyes widened when an unexpected name popped out of his brother's mouth.
look up at a weasel with astonishment
The weasel himself was surprised.
I don't know why I mentioned Naruto's name.”
It's just that my brother and that blonde child of the same age are somehow out of course.
“No matter what he makes me do, he won't do it at all.Besides, he's always running at me, and he's a troublesome guy.”
“Is Naruto coming at you?”
“I don't care about him, but he complains about me one by one.”
If my brother's position at school is the same as that of a weasel in school, I think the other students are winding Sasuke a long way.”
No one really tries to be friends with Sasuke instead of focusing on his ability.”
But Naruto says he's going to run into Sasuke.
When it comes to the shadow of fire, the boastful figure comes back to my mind.
a poor child with nine tails and no one treats him
Nevertheless, I believe in big dreams and have no doubts.
His appearance and everything he said seemed the opposite of his brother Sasuke.”
But... when I dream of them lining up, they look strangely like
“Rushing at me means I care about you.Get along with me.”
“I can't get along with him,”
“I hope I can do it someday.”
I put my palm on my brother's head.
“It's impossible!”
Sasuke closes his eyes, wrinkles his nose, and clenches his teeth.
The weasel laughed at the comical expression.
My brother loosened his expression and began to laugh.
The warm dusk goes by peacefully.
The fugaku, who closed his eyes with his arms folded, opened his eyelids when he heard the sound of the shoji opening.
live in one's own room
I sat cross-sitting with my back to the right wall of the room, looking at the alcove set up on the upper seat.
It was my child who opened the window facing the corridor and showed his face.
“What do you want, Father?”
My son, who is too good, doesn't gloss over his tone of voice, and doesn't even come into the room saying so.”
“Come in,”
When Fukaku urged me, I finally crossed the threshold reluctantly.
The son sat upright in front of his father with his hand closed.
“You must have been to the park with Sasuke.”
“Yes,”
I checked that they had come home covered in sweat and called them out after taking a bath.”
My brother is talking to his mother at the table now.
“I am ready for tomorrow's mission.I'd like to have a brief business with you know.”
The son, who stiffens his face by saying so, is clearly wary of his father.
reasonable
Recently, we haven't had a conversation, and the only opportunity for them to hear each other's voices was at a meeting.”
I can't show my parents' faces in public.
It's only natural that we should be apart if we treat others in such a polite way.”
“Don't be so formal,”
said Fukaku with a smile.
smile as hard as one can
Usually, fugaku rarely laughs.
As the leader of the police force and the leader of the young people in the family, I don't think we should show our feelings recklessly.”
No...
Come to think of it, I haven't laughed much since I was a kid.
Come to think of it, when did you see my son smile?
unremembered
My son and I look alike...have a strange feeling of joy in one's heart
There was a difference between the pure joy that children looked like as parents and the joy that Fukaku felt now.”
Called the genius of ninja school, he passed the Chujin exam alone, and we became the first member of the family to take office in the dark.
I was delighted that I was similar to Ninja, who had built many legends.”
It was a very distorted feeling as a father that somewhere he saw his son as his dream.”
And Fukaku himself is clearly aware of that feeling.”
So sometimes Fukaku feels bad about his son.”
I couldn't accept the fact that I was losing, not as a father, but as the same man.”
That's why I end up being careless with weasels.”
think it's too stupid a parent
However, Fugaku's pride as a ninja cannot honestly enjoy the weasel's success.”
and his son was getting out of his hand...
“How's your job in the dark?”
The weasel stared at his father, who kept smiling.
“It doesn't matter if you practice what you've accumulated every day since graduating from ninja school.”
be too exemplary an answer
The son answered calmly, not so much to his father as to be in contact with the young people of the family.”
“There's no palm or inabi here.”
I tried to keep talking in a soft tone
“I am your father, and you are my son.That's all I have in this room.”
be a smart kid
To say that, he seemed to understand his father's thoughts agilely.
That doesn't mean I'm as honest as I was when I was five or six.”
It's a little loose. It's a bit of a relaxation.
But the weasel's eyes became softer than before.
“It's no different from when it wasn't in the dark,”
“Isn't he going to do the hard work?”
“There certainly is...”
So my son hesitated.
Then he lowered his eyes for a moment and looked straight at him again.”
“As long as you belong to the dark side, you can't be spoiled.”
“As expected of my child,”
I've always said this word when I compliment my son, but from some point on, I feel like I've grown taller when I've grown taller.in an effort to keep one's talented child within one's sphere
“My child”
That's what I feel.
It's already a habit to say it.When I want to praise my son, words come before thoughts.So
“As expected of my child.”
he said, and a small sharp thorn pierced his chest.And today, Fukaku felt chest pain again.
say as if to shake off the itchiness around the tail
“Don't worry about what happened at the meeting.”
“What?”
The father's words made my son look surprised.
He probably expected to be reprimanded for his interaction with the palmists at the meeting.
As a result of this betrayal, the weasel was surprised.”
“Not all members of the family share the same view.I don't mean to force our thoughts.I want you to be like a rock that runs through you even against the current rather than like a stone that is swept away by the big current.”
“Father...”
“I won't bend my mind.If you don't agree with what they say, you just have to stand up and say what they think.”
“But there's an atmosphere that doesn't allow that meeting.”
A sigh naturally escaped from the mouth of the puffer fish.
“You are quite right.Young people are lost in the heat.And even if we exclude those who don't agree, we're going to move on to what we believe to be noble thoughts.”
“My father...”
The weasel stammered.
“What? Speak up.”
“Yes,”
The son began to speak determinedly.
“Does your father have a different opinion from them?”
“That'sir,”
affirmed
“I feel the same way as them.It's just that I'm not young enough to get rid of all the different ideas.”
I could see clearly that my son was disappointed.
“Is that so?”
The stones are already rolling.
I can't do anything about it now.
No, I didn't mean to.
It's possible that the family will be left behind.
But... I didn't want my son to obey me by force.
“You just have to be pure in your thoughts.They hesitate, hesitate, and find the answer.And if you find the answer, don't hesitate.The determination to find an answer and stick to it.That's the "decision.”
“Decision...”
“Yes, there are few people in this world who make their own decisions in their own lives.Everyone lives leaving decisions to others and turning a blind eye to their responsibilities.Don't just live like that.Make your own decisions and move on with your life.”
Fugaku felt something hot in his eyes.
I'm desperately trying to control my excitement so that my son won't recognize it.”
“All right,”
With a little breath, the weasel turned his hot eyes to his father.
“I don't leave my life decisions to anyone.”
“That's my child,”
Fukaku was able to say this honestly for the first time in a long time.
have no chest pain
The elephant didn't miss Hirsen's eyebrows shaking a little.
It is a meeting to decide on the budget policy for the administration of the official conference room of the house and the village where the leaves are hidden.
In addition to Hirzen and Danzo, there were Koharu and Homura, who were on your watch.
The basic policy was decided at this meeting, and Hirsen adopted a formal budget with the heads of the village administration.”
“It's a budget for this police force...”
Heelsen looked away from the data he had, and saw the other three.
What he has in his hand is a proposal from the elephants.
“There is a plan to drastically reduce the budget. What does this mean?”
The catnap Koharu, whose name was called, opened his narrow eyes slightly and looked at Hirzen.
“Seven years have passed since the end of the war, and the security of the village has calmed down.Furthermore, it is customary for the dark side to take action in investigating important and violent crimes.The role of the police force has been limited.Don't you need the same budget as before?”
“But isn't it too sudden to reduce the amount by as much as 40 percent suddenly?This will have some impact on the police force.”
Mito Gate Homura opened his mouth as he looked at Hirzen's face as if he had bitten a bitter insect.
“Reconstruction from the Kuo invasion is almost over, and construction of new facilities and wide roads are urgently needed.Ninja schools that abolished the early graduation system should also be expanded.I don't think we can afford to spend money on shrinking organizations.”
“I know that.I know, but it's getting worse and worse if you only look at the police force.”
“It drives their dissatisfaction?”
Danzo spouted out his words, and went on talking in a timely manner.
“Well, I ask you, is there any other department in this village that has a more pronounced tendency to reduce its duties than the police force?Peace in the village and expansion of duties in the dark.The reason for the contraction is also clear.The police force cannot do more than maintain public order.And it is doubtful whether even that is faithfully carried out by the negative feelings of dissatisfaction with the village.I think it's just indulgence to secure the current budget?”
“It's not indulgence.It's not protection.”
“Protection? Why should we protect those who have no difficulty in working?”
“Because they are limited in their activities by people who are prejudiced against their families like you!”
Hirsen knocked on the desk and stood up, and Homura and Koharu looked at it calmly.
The elephant spoke to his old acquaintance, the third generation, without holding back his smile.
“I'm prejudiced, so I'll protect you..."Isn't that the act of isolating and discriminating against them?”
“Oh, my God...”
“Because there is a job called the police force and more than enough budget is guaranteed from the village, our family members refuse to contact outsiders and do it quietly only with their inner circle members.Is it not possible for them to cultivate the evil sprouts of dissatisfaction with themselves, since you have isolated themselves within the framework of the police force in the name of protection?”
“The establishment and management of the police force is the will of the dead second generation.”
“Don't you think that idea is old-fashioned?”
“Now that the war is over and the scars of the Kuo attack have begun to heal, I think we need to change. What is everyone's opinion?”
“No objection,”
Kohal exclaimed his consent.
Homura nods silently in sympathy.
I've already laid the groundwork for the two of course.The three of them agreed on the reduction of the police budget.
Hilzen is the only one who's out of the mosquito net.
“What if our family's complaints come out of the blue?”
“Are you using Sisui to prevent it?”
Danzo hit a decisive move.
Hirzen hesitates when he is stabbed in the sore spot.
“Isn't that why young ninja, who are worried about their families, were removed from their normal duties, given them a nominal position, and even gave them the authority to allow some degree of dogma?”
“Not 30 percent...”
Hirsen said hoarsely.
agonizing choice
be on schedule
Danzo doesn't think it's possible to cut 40 percent.
I expected a reasonable line of 30%.
“If the budget is cut by more than 30 percent, opposition from the police will inevitably be inevitable.”
“I salute you for your decision to shadow the decision.”
Hirzen made a blatant face at Danzo's deliberate words.
Sisui called me to the cliff.
be already midnight
The village and the village are asleep.
Still, the dark side of the village is awake.
During the family surveillance mission, I remembered the angle of view of all surveillance cameras.
We have already created a route that allows the village to move freely, taking advantage of the small gaps in the angle of view between the camera and the camera.
Dark surveillance and blind spot routes only taught Sisui.
Sisui is the only reliable ninja.
never let anyone else know
Sisui should have gone to the cliff through a blind spot.
No one knows about their meeting.
The weasel ran away from the village and away from the surveillance camera.
The moon shone near the middle of the sky.
I ran like I was choosing darkness under the twinkling stars.
Suddenly the forest burst, the cliff appeared, and there was a figure at the end of the rough rock.
Standing with one's back to show, it gazed at the flow of the river below the cliff.
The weasel ran up at once and stopped behind it.
“I kept you waiting,”
“I have just come,”
Sisui's face, turning around, was clearly haggard.
There are dim corners under my eyes, and my cheeks are slightly bent.
The slightly pointed jaw looked more like a sign of overwork than of adulthood.
“You must be very tired,”
“There were a lot of things...”