Tomorrow, Mukai Kohinata will take her first vacation in a month.
While Shimura Danzo had been informed of that fact from his mouth, Itachi had strengthened his will to carry it out
The arrangements will be made immediately, Itachi, and Shisui’s mission schedule will be changed while he’s with us.
It was due to Danzo's difference.
Tomorrow, Itachi will kill Shinobu, who lives in the same village...
He may be a traitor, but that doesn’t change the fact that he’s my comrade.
He's one of us in the village.
I’d be lying if I said I didn’t hesitate to kill such a man.
But this was heavier and more important than any mission Itachi had ever experienced in his life as a ninja
I can't refuse.
Mukai continued to fervently remember the fact that he was a traitor connected behind the scenes to the Kirigakure village, continuing to leak important secrets of the Konohagakure village, and somehow managed to come to terms with his guilt
「I'm ready!」
A cheerful voice broke Itachi’s thoughts
「I did as you told me, and set up eight of them in total.」
Her brother smiled as he said that.
I smile back.
Morinonaka
Accepting tomorrow’s mission decision, Itachi had gained some rest
He’s going along with his training in the form of Sasuke’s pleading
Among the trees in the forest, a target with a double circle drawn on it is hidden by Sasuke
You can't see one magnificent thing from Itachi's perspective.
「Now, Nii-san.」
Sasuke hurried her with a bouncing voice, as if he couldn’t hide his excitement
Nodding, Itachi gripped the kunai in both hands
If you pinch them one by one in the crotch of your finger, they’re exactly eight.
Eight iron claws were flying out of his lightly clenched fist.
I lower my head and unify my mind a little
Then I pour the chakra I’ve built up deep in my stomach into the back of my eyes
The sharingan...
The breath of the trees suddenly grew louder
In the midst of the roaring, wriggling pulse of life, I saw a small circular foreign object
Yatsu
Letting out one small breath, Itachi lightly kicked off the ground
I flip my head and legs in midair.
It’s because if you turn your body upside down, your center of gravity will stretch downward and stabilize your posture.
Stabilizing the position increases the accuracy of the kunai’s control
I close my eyes and imagine the eight targets in my brain.
There were two things I couldn’t reach from this place.
The target casually lying on the ground behind the giant rock in front of us is the most troublesome.
First, I threw the four in my left hand all at once
It accurately punches through four targets in a relatively easy place
This time, the two kunai she was holding from her right thumb to her middle finger
I'll hit the target safely, too.
There are two left.
Itachi's body is still in the air.
It hasn't even been a second since I jumped up.
Switch one between my middle finger and ring finger to my left hand
One kunai each to the left and right
He waved his arms and threw them at the same time
The two kunai's trajectories overlapped.
The blades clashing in thin air made sharp metallic clangs as they flew in the wrong direction, as if repelled by each other
Landing
The sharingan is emitting a crimson light.
As Itachi slowly rose to his feet, his gaze was fixed on his brother’s presence
Sasuke, who’d been hiding behind a tree to avoid danger, popped his head out
He seemed stupefied by Itachi’s arm, which had pierced the center of all targets
Her mouth hung agape as she stared behind the rock in front of her
There's the most troublesome target there.
Of course, I'd beaten through that, too.
The reason he’d changed his trajectory by crashing the last two was because of this target
「Amazing, Nii-san! It's right in the middle of the blind spot behind the rock!!」
Sasuke flew out from behind the tree
There are kunai in both hands.
When she saw her brother’s arm, her heart averted, and she seemed to be unable to sit still.
「Okay... Me too!」
「...Sasuke, let's go home.」
Sasuke, who’d been so motivated and excited, suddenly stopped moving
Her brother’s face, turned toward her brother, was filled with dissatisfaction
「I told you I'd teach you a new shuriken technique!」
I made a promise, but now that I've shown you right in front of me, I think I've fulfilled my promise well enough.
「I have an important mission tomorrow, and I need to prepare for it.」
Mostly mentally prepared.
Her brother averted his face and pouted
The cool eyes beneath her scrunched eyebrows were warped to the point where she looked like she might burst into tears at any moment
「.. Nii-san, you liar.」
I’m not angry that you didn’t teach me shuriken techniques
I'm angry that my time with my brother has been interrupted.
If Itachi could, too, he wanted to train with Sasuke to his heart’s content
But tomorrow's mission wasn't so easy as to allow that.
Itachi wants to cry, too...
Even as she turned her face away, she beckoned to her brother, who was peeking at her brother with reproachful eyes
Her brother’s clouded face cleared up with joy all at once
Sasuke rushed over, his happy footsteps echoing through the forest
「Forgive me, Sasuke... Next time.」
He thrust out his index finger as he spoke, and it hit Sasuke’s forehead as he came running
「Oww!」
Sasuke yelled softly as he closed his eyes, blocked from charging
Her mouth was curled into a frown as she looked up at her brother.
Whenever Sasuke makes this expression, he’s always up to something
「Nii-san, watch!」
Sasuke smiled fearlessly as he crossed his hands and readied his kunai
「Toh-------!」
Before Itachi could stop him, Sasuke flew straight for his target
「Hey! If you do something reckless...」
Before Itachi’s eyes as he screamed, Sasuke twisted his ankle and plunged headfirst into the ground grandly
On the way home
Carrying Sasuke with his leg injured, he walks through Konohagakure Village toward the Uchiha settlement
Time passes peacefully as I feel my brother’s warmth on my back
Sasuke’s presence on his back created a small wave
Itachi stopped and looked over his shoulder at his brother
「What's wrong?」
「This is where Dad works, right?」
「It's the headquarters of the Konoha Police Department.」
Itachi answered his brother’s question matter-of-factly as he looked up at the giant, circle-based concrete building
「I've been wondering for a while,
Why is our family crest on the mark of the police force?」
「Oh... So you noticed...」
「Of course it is!」
Sasuke’s voice as he answered on tiptoe naturally brought a smile to his lips
「Yeah... To put it simply, it was the predecessors of the clan who organized and established this police force. That's why they put their family crest on the symbol of this organization. We've been in charge of the safety of this village for a long time. Our family crest is proof of our pride.」
Trying to fulfill his brother’s desire to learn something, Itachi spoke while avoiding as many difficult words as possible
His brother listened to his brother’s words in silence
「Our family may be smaller now, but almost everyone still belongs to the 1st Squad here, contributing to the security of the village.」
There are exceptions like Shisui.
In Shisui’s case, I’ve heard that there was a request from the ninjas of the village who thought highly of his excellence
Once you join the police force, you’ll have extremely few opportunities to mingle with the outside ninja, and we’ll be completely integrated into the clan’s framework
Fearing that, Shisui was assigned to the field mission by the begging of the ninjas of the village.
But Itachi figured that wasn’t something he should explain to Sasuke, so he cut it off in his thoughts
「The only ones cracking down on the crimes committed by Shinobu are the even better ones, after all.」
And... the only one who can put an end to the conflict Shinobu creates is an even better Shinobu
「Nii-san, are you going in here too?」
His brother’s innocent question stung Itachi’s heart
I'm not going in...
The real answer reached the back of my throat.
「I don't know... I don't know...」
He couldn’t tell his younger brother that he’d join the dark side for the sake of a clan dissatisfied with the village, even if his mouth split open
Itachi had no choice but to muddle his words
「Do that!」
My brother, who knew nothing of the dark circumstances of adulthood, shouted in a carefree voice
That sparkly purity made Itachi’s chest tighten
「When I grow up... I'll join the police!」
Brothers belong to the police force, and they work hard on their missions.
These days are like a dream.
But that day will never come...
Itachi is going to the dark side.
Even if I was in an environment where I could enter the police force, I didn't intend to take it lightly.
I have a dream of eliminating conflict in this world.
In order to realize his dream, the vessel known as the police force was far too small
「My dad will come to the entrance ceremony tomorrow. This is the first step in my dream.」
My brother's dream is to work with him as a ninja in the police force...
I was happy, but...
That dream won't come true.
「...You're right.」
Itachi could only give a vague answer
When we reached the gate that led to our village and our settlement, I suddenly sensed a presence near the fence.
「You're late... What were you doing? I need to talk to you right now.」
My father, arms crossed, was looking at Itachi.
「Let's hurry home.」
「Yes.」
I nodded at Itachi, who answered, and my father started walking in front of me
Itachi moved his heavy legs, still carrying his brother, as if following the unhesitating steps that led straight to the house
When did I become so bothered by facing my father?
I know the answer.
But Itachi didn’t want to acknowledge that answer
My father's room.
In front of Itachi and Sasuke, who were sitting side by side, was his father, arms crossed
「I hear it's tomorrow.」
My father suddenly cut me off.
Itachi remained silent, feeling his heart pound harder in his chest
I knew what my father meant.
I'm referring to the assassination of Mukai tomorrow.
It's making my heart beat faster.
Just how much does my father know?
And who did you ask about the mission?
There’s a vague answer to the latter question
If I had to ask, it would have to be someone close to Danzo
Why did Danzo leak information about the mission to his father?
Suspicion summoned doubt, tearing Itachi’s chest apart
「Heh heh... That's my child for you... It's only been half a year since you were promoted to chunin.」
Itachi remained silent, watching his father
Sasuke was giving his brother a worried look
「About tomorrow's special mission... I've decided to tag along.」
My heart throbbed the most violently this day.
But the shaking in her brother’s heart as he sat next to her was many times more intense
My father is so focused on his family that he’s forgotten how important tomorrow is to his brother.
It makes me angry at my father.
「If this mission succeeds, Itachi... Your enlistment in the dark club will be almost unofficially decided.」
The father’s eyes turned crimson as he watched his son continue his silence.
「You understand, don't you...」
Only one person was allowed to accompany Mukai on his assassination.
He’d already told Danzo that Shisui would be accompanying him
If he doesn't know that fact, it means he doesn't know the details of the mission.
Most likely, someone had informed her of the mission’s schedule alone
Even though he hates the village, he’s at the mercy of information from the village
I felt unbearably sorry for my father.
A mission that requires the resolve to die
There was no one but Shisui to be with.
I will never allow my father to intervene.
「You don't have to worry so much. More importantly...」
He looked at Sasuke.
I’m sure he wants to cry out loud right now, but his intelligent brother is smiling while suppressing his own emotions
“It's okay, Nii-san...”
It was like I could hear my brother's heart.
Itachi smiled and put words into his eyes
“Tell me... Tomorrow's an important day for you, isn't it?”
With a strained gaze, I push her small back
「Dad... Tomorrow is my...」
「Tomorrow's mission will be an important one for the family!」
His brother’s courage was shattered by his father’s hard-line words, which only concerned his family.
Sasuke then lowered his face with a frozen expression, desperate to hold back his tears
My anger toward my father surpasses its limits.
Is your family that important to you?
You don't care about your brother?
The only thing reflected in his eyes was the future of the clan
I don’t think anything of my son, who’s about to embark on a decisive mission
Not to mention, he wasn’t even paying attention to his brother.
With such a narrow understanding, I don’t know how I can beat the village of Konohagakure
I hate everything.
「I guess I'll stop tomorrow's mission after all.」
「!? What are you talking about!? You should know how important tomorrow is! What the hell are you saying!?」
「Tomorrow, I'll follow you to the entrance ceremony at Sasuke's ninja school.」
My father caught his breath.
This was the first time Father remembered his child’s plans for tomorrow.
And yet again, it's irritating...
It was sad.
「It's customary for relatives to attend the entrance ceremony at the ninja school. There was a notice, wasn't there... Father?」
The word abandon mission is serious.
I'm not lying to you from the bottom of my heart.
My father seemed to understand Itachi’s seriousness
After a brief silence fell over the room, Father let out a single small sigh of exasperation
「...I get it now... I'll go to ninja school.」
With that, my father stood up and started walking toward the table where my mother was waiting.
Itachi and Sasuke left the room and followed him
There's a dry sound coming from the deer in the garden.
Itachi knew that if he put it that way, his father would inevitably attend Sasuke’s entrance ceremony
His son's enlistment in the dark club is the first step toward achieving the clan's long-cherished wish.
He couldn’t just throw it away at Sasuke’s entrance ceremony
He couldn’t let his father accompany him on his mission no matter what, so he was seriously planning on attending Sasuke’s entrance ceremony
I wasn’t lying when I said I was disgusted with everything, or that I was planning on going to ninja school.
But it wasn’t like he’d given up on completing the mission with Shisui after all
Entering the dark side isn't a foothold for fulfilling the clan's long-cherished wish.
It’s a small step toward achieving Itachi’s dream of becoming the best ninja in the world, to eliminate all conflict.
I had no intention of yielding.
That's why I used my brother...
I'm disappointed in myself for that.
Sasuke, who seemed to feel responsible for creating the grim atmosphere between his brother and father despite the decision to participate in his father’s entrance ceremony, quietly followed behind Itachi
As he looked over his shoulder at his brother, Itachi hid his guilt and opened his mouth
「Your left leg... Make sure you keep it cool.」
Isn't her smile twitching when she says that?
「Yeah...」
My brother answers with a complicated expression.
Itachi couldn’t find the words to say to Sasuke like that
「It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say I'm living for this guy.」
Before Itachi’s eyes as he gasped for breath, Mukai Kohinata exhaled cigarette smoke into the sky as she spoke
In the hand of the one who doesn’t have a cigarette, there’s a silver bottle filled with alcohol
Around the three of them, glaring at each other, lay over ten Kirigakure Shinobu
He's already passed out.
Itachi and Shisui defeated them all by themselves.
「Surrender quietly, Kohinata Mukai. Lord Hokage is tolerant of those who turn themselves in. He wouldn't kill them.」
Shisui, standing next to Itachi, spoke up
There’s already a three-way sharingan in her eyes
Looking down so as not to look at it, Mukai gave a sarcastic smile
「Speaking of quick-witted shisui, it's a bit of a well-known shinobi. Even so, if you only walk in places where the sun shines, can you really only feel that much? Or...」
Mukai suddenly stopped talking and tilted the silver bottle
「You mean you're still a kid?」
Only his right eye opened wide, and Mukai sneered at Shisui
That condescending attitude furrowed Shisui’s brow
「You know what I did, right? In that case, you should be able to tell if I'll be forgiven just by turning myself in.」
I flick my thumb and drop the ashes.
「It's an honor to have two geniuses as assassins while I'm still excited.」
I threw a cigarette into the portable ashtray I pulled out of my pocket.
I put the lid on the silver bottle and put it in my vest pocket
「It's dangerous like this.」
Mukai’s murmured chakra suddenly increased in volume
He had returned the shadow clone.
At the same time as Mukai’s chakra increased, Itachi dispelled the shadow clone of himself that had been monitoring Konoha Hospital
「I bet my son's angry now that he knows the old man we were talking about was a shadow clone.」
Mukai scratched his head and glared at the two in front of him
「I need to hurry home and make excuses.」
Lowering his hips deeply, he displayed the unique stance of a soft fist raising both palms to chest height
「Why would a ninja of your caliber become a spy?」
「There's a lot going on when you're an old man. And you can't understand all that stuff until you get older. So even if I tell you guys now, you won't understand half of it.」
「If you die, what will happen to your sick son?」
「That's why I can't die here. Even if it means killing you guys.」
Countless streaks run around Mukai’s left eye
「The Eye of Byakugan!」
By the time Itachi shouted, Shisui had already flown backward and put some distance between them
「I can't go easy on you, so forgive me.」
Mukai’s voice came into Itachi’s ear as he stood still
The distance between us instantly closes.
The right and left palms attacked Itachi’s throat and solar plexus at the same time at incredible speed
He stabbed his hand into his stomach, which was headed for his solar plexus, and bent his index and middle fingers inside his body
「Heh!」
Mukai’s hand, exhaled with spirit, pulled Itachi’s intestines out
Instantly...
Itachi, standing there with his stomach torn apart, transformed into a vast number of crows.
He didn’t even try to avoid the beak attacking him himself, and Mukai weathered it as if nothing had happened with his fluid movements
Shisui crept up behind them
「Fire Escape - Fireball Art」
Shisui made a quick sigil, and a ball of fire spewed out of his mouth that was big enough to swallow Mukai whole.
With the palm of his right hand still out in front of his face, Mukai faced the fireball directly
Direct hit
No. No.
The ball of fire split in two in front of Mukai
It didn’t look like he’d cast some kind of spell
But that doesn’t mean I’m wearing a special aura around my body.
The ball of fire itself appeared to Itachi before Mukai’s eyes, as if it had broken itself
「Controlling a soft fist that cuts off the enemy's chakra means knowing the flow. The technique is a mass of chakra. If you can read the flow, breaking it isn't that hard.」
Mukai, cheerfully giving a lecture, raced toward Shisui
Shisui’s face clouded over
Even though Shisui himself had more physical techniques than the average person, his opponent was a soft fist wielder
It’s not on the level of taijutsu.
It couldn’t be helped that her face clouded over
Itachi can see everything that’s happened so far from a distance.
About three hours north of the village of Konohagakure, within the territory of the Land of Fire
The three of them are fighting in a small basin surrounded by small mountains.
The rocky mountains, devoid of a single plant, had plenty of places for a single person to hide
Itachi lurks behind a reasonable rock, watching the two of them fight
The only thing facing Mukai was a shadow clone
Itachi hadn’t left this place in the first place
His opponent was a soft fist wielder
It's too difficult to take him down in close combat.
The match will be decided by a single blow from a distance
The sharingan is pupil jutsu.
Put chakra into your own eyes and infuse your opponent with jutsu
In other words, as long as you're within range of your own line of sight, you can set the enemy up.
Crossing gazes isn't something that happens only when you're conscious.
Thinking it’s a casual view, the enemy’s gaze darts around
As long as that visual axis perfectly matches the caster’s, it’s possible to create a situation where their gazes intersect without the target being conscious of it
Itachi had been waiting for that moment
And for that reason, Shisui is struggling to adjust Mukai’s stance to Itachi’s visual axis while deliberately engaging in dangerous close combat
As long as I activated my sharingan’s pupil jutsu, I should’ve been able to handle the rest
As long as you create a small tear in Mukai’s heart, all you have to do is use it as a clue to gradually erode his pupil arts.
The problem is the first blow.
Not only are you experienced, but you can also feel the flow of chakra as a visual effect.
Mukai, the wielder of the Byakugan, knows exactly what the sharingan looks like.
It was a strategy to break it down.
Shisui dodged Mukai’s left thrust by the skin of his teeth, then arched his body backwards.
Seeing this as an opportunity, Mukai closes the distance wide.
Shisui flinched as he flew backward
In that moment, Mukai’s face turned toward the shadow of the rock where Itachi lurked
However, the visual axis of both sides has yet to cross.
Mukai turned his eyes away from Shisui as he landed, then suddenly averted his face
I activated my sharingan.
Shisui’s sharingan is a diversion.
The place where Mukai averted his face was in the shadow of the rock where Itachi lurked
Itachi's eyes, sharpened against the enemy, and Mukai's eyes, unconsciously capturing the scenery, cross paths...
Or so it should have been.
Just a hair’s breadth away, Mukai suddenly kicked off the ground and flew
A tremendous leap.
When he lands, he kicks another rock and leaps into the air
They know where we are.
For the briefest of moments, Mukai used his Byakugan ability to notice Itachi’s existence
He’d probably also figured out that he was activating his sharingan at that moment
Maybe it was to confirm his own intuition, or maybe it was to drag Itachi into the field of battle
Anyway, Mukai jumps straight to the rock where Itachi lurks
Itachi couldn’t miss Shisui laughing as he stood behind her
Shisui is gone.
The next to appear before Mukai’s eyes
「Tch!」
Mukai clicked his tongue and was knocked down into a steep rocky area with a thud
Shisui’s kick exploded on his face
My skull's broken.
With that thought in mind, Itachi’s eyes reflected a shattered log
「A shadow clone!?」
「That's right...」
As Itachi shouted softly, he heard Mukai’s voice behind him
Soft fist position
「Hakkei, two palms.」
The palms of his left and right palms struck as he continued on his stomach
「Eight divination palms.」
She didn’t even have time to breathe, this time four shots
「Eight divination palms.」
As if mocking Itachi’s thoughts as he searched for a way to counterattack, Mukai’s barrage of attacks came at him mercilessly
「Whoaaaaaaaaaaa!」
A heartrending voice came from the right side of Mukai
It's a blind spot with a white eye.
At the edge of Itachi’s hazy vision, the image of Shisui unleashing a flying kick wavered
「Shisui...」
The reason he’d had enough time to mutter was because Mukai had taken a defensive stance
No. No.
The word defense makes it easy.
Mukai dodged the flying kick just by tilting his face, grabbing Shisui’s neck with his outstretched left hand and hanging him high
Mukai was supporting the stout young man’s body with a single arm
Shisui, strangled, is struggling desperately
But the five fingers sinking into my throat won't peel off easily.
「Training is what you do to overcome your weaknesses.
Covering the blind spot in one eye with taijutsu was the first step in my training. Don't underestimate Pops too much, kids.」
「Kohinata Mukai...」
Itachi unconsciously called out the name of the powerful enemy before him
Those legs are stepping forward without even knowing it.
「What? You want me to kill you?」
It certainly wasn’t a situation where it wouldn’t have been strange for it to have been taken that way
I want to be shot with a soft fist and cut off all the flow of chakra in my body, and I don’t know what kind of counterattack hand Itachi has left
Moving forward without a plan is an act you can’t complain about, even if it’s judged to be barbaric
But my feet won't stop moving forward.
I don’t even remember ordering him to, but he’s walking foolishly straight toward Mukai
「In that case, I'll make it as easy as you wish.」
「Guuuu!」
Mukai tightened his grip on Shisui’s neck
I'm going to crush your Adam's apple.
「Stop it!」
The sharingan glittered in Itachi’s eyes as he shouted
「There's no way such blatant genjutsu would work on me.」
Mukai, who said it, turned away from Itachi
In front of him...was the face of his best friend.
「Kaleidoscope sharingan...」
That’s what Shisui whispered
The crimson-transformed friend’s eyes had a different shape from any sharingan Itachi had seen so far
The sharingan drew a small sunspot in the center of her eyes, and a magatama-shaped spot appeared in Tomoe’s condition on the circle that could be called the outer circle.
The power could change depending on the number of magatama, but this shape itself was common to the clan
But Shisui's is different.
The three-way magatama grew enormous and connected, and the small sunspot in the center of her eyes disappeared, forming a crimson cavity
If the ratio of red to black in a normal sharingan was about eight-on-two, then the one in Shisui’s eyes now looked like a match for five-on-five
Shisui’s and Mukai’s gazes probably crossed for less than a thousandth of a second
It's just a fraction of a second before the normal sharingan can catch it.
Shisui wouldn’t miss that moment
Without a doubt, Mukai had fallen into a genjutsu...
「Mukai!」
Shisui yelled in a stupor as his restraints were released
In front of him was Mukai, blood spurting from his stomach as he fell
Itachi stood stock-still as he gazed at it
I cut my own stomach.
The moment Shisui activated his sharingan, Mukai’s body stiffened slightly, and when he pulled a kunai out of his pocket, he’d suddenly cut his own stomach into a single letter.
「Get a hold of yourself, Mukai!」
Shisui screams as he crouches down and holds Mukai’s head
「He's a spy from another village... He's been cast to kill himself if his brain gets interfered with. There's no saving him now.」
Blood gushed from Mukai’s coughing mouth
「Th-This is the first time I've ever seen someone use pupils at that time... What the hell is that?」
Shisui doesn’t answer
「So this is our secret technique...」
Concerned for Shisui’s mouth, Itachi called out to Mukai
「Is there anything you want to say?」
「Th-This is how it turned out... Wh-What I did was something I decided on my own... My wife and brat have nothing to do with it...」
「Are you saying betrayal is a sin of your own?」
「It's a nice story, but...」
My trembling hands are searching for something in my pocket.
Itachi pushed Mukai’s fingers away and pulled out what he was looking for.
He picked a cigarette from the box and held it out to Mukai’s mouth
「A-A fire...」
This time, Shisui pulled a lighter out of his pocket and lit the tip of his cigarette
He took a deep breath with a cigarette in his mouth and poured it all the way down to the bottom of his lungs, whereupon Mukai exhaled the smoke as if tasting it
「This is how shinobi died... I'll be waiting over there first...」
The palm of his hand, still holding the cigarette between his fingers, dropped with a jerk, and Mukai stopped moving.
「It's over.」
Shisui said, his voice trembling with exhaustion
Itachi nodded silently and replaced it with an answer
「About that sharingan...」
「Could you keep quiet about this to the villagers?」
Shisui murmured, still staring at Mukai’s face
「Yeah.」
「Kaleidoscope sharingan...」
Shisui’s eyes, which he’d said, once again reflected the pattern of those deformed sharingan
「When the time comes, I'll tell you everything.」
Itachi felt an irresistible charm from the unknown power his friend hid within him
「Ro-Team, huh...」
Itachi stared straight at Danzo, who muttered as he looked down at the documents
It was Danzo's room in the mansion given to him by the roots.
As he sat in front of the ebony desk, he leaned his left elbow against the armrest, holding a document in his right hand but not looking at Itachi at all
「Captain, you're Hatake Kakashi.」
「Yes.」
Itachi gave a simple answer
I’ve been wondering about the man standing next to Danzo for a while now
He's a rooter in a white tiger mask.
It’s not like there’s a clear reason for what’s going on
I was just curious about the man.
The eyes on the other side of the round hole in the white surface have been staring at Itachi for a long time, as if he’s trying to sleep.
His grim gaze stirs my heart for some reason.
「That man is excellent.」
Danzo spoke with conviction.
Hatake Kakashi...
Itachi had been saved by him not long after he’d become a ninja
On a mission to guard the daimyo of the Land of Fire, they were attacked by an unknown man, and Tenma of the same group was killed
Itachi, who hadn’t opened his sharingan yet, was prepared to die at the overwhelming difference in power
However, the man murmured Kakashi's name and disappeared.
Even now, I don’t know the clear reason why the man disappeared back then.
Except, indeed, the man murmured Kakashi’s name and disappeared
I don't know if it's because I'm afraid of his power, or if there's some other reason. There's no way to confirm it now.
「That man has darkness. That is the most important element for the dark side.」
Darkness...
Do you have it yourself?
Itachi asked himself
「Don't worry. You have plenty of darkness too.」
Danzo spoke as if he’d seen right through her heart
Itachi, who had already interacted with her many times, wasn’t particularly surprised
As long as you excel at discerning the other person’s state of mind, it’s possible to preemptively state the answer to your thoughts with a certain amount of conjecture
Danzo is just using that technology.
「I've prepared a transfer celebration.」
With that, Danzo tossed the documents onto his desk and stood up
Putting the ebony chair under the same-quality desk, he stood next to the tiger mask and looked at Itachi
Then she put a hand on the man’s shoulder and gave him an unusually cheerful smile
「We've decided to lend this man to the Ro-Team.」
Danzo’s roots were also part of the dark side, but he was completely separated from the dark side under the direct control of the third Hokage in terms of the chain of command and leadership
For that reason, Itachi had heard that neither side frequently exchanged information or exchanged personnel within the dark side
「Don't worry. I have Hiruzen's permission, of course.」
Once again, Danzo spat out words that seemed to see right through his heart
Itachi was being arrogant, but no matter how many times he heard it, he couldn’t bring himself to like it
「This is my first meal. My name is Sugarto.」
Suddenly, the tiger mask spoke.
There’s a dry, rustling sound mixed in with the corners of his voice, as if something’s stuck in his throat, and it’s hard to hear
「Sugal had a serious illness in his throat when he was young. Ever since then, he hasn't been able to speak well.」
「Speak, speak, speak, speak, speak, speak, speak, speak, speak, speak, speak, speak, speak, speak, speak.」
There was something wrong with his voice, but his tone was light
He seems to have a good-natured personality.
「You can use this man as your arms and legs.」
「Your arms and legs?」
「Yes.」
Sugal answered Itachi’s question to Danzo
「I am like, a 'root'. Danzo-sama's orders are absolute nano-death. If you give orders to Itachi-san's arms and legs, Tatoe is younger than you, and I am prepared to throw my life away.」
Sugal says sarcasm like it's nothing.
Itachi stared at Danzo without so much as a smile
「I can get by in the dark on my own.」
「Don't take it too seriously. It's just that Sugal was lent to the Ro-Team from the bottom of his heart. Even the captain's scarecrow doesn't know about his causal relationship with you. As long as you're not conscious of Sugal, that's fine. However, Sugal always keeps you safe.」
「Safety? Are you saying someone is after me?」
「This is my first time in the dark club, and I'm only eleven years old. It's a title worthy of envy and envy.」
Indeed, she’d been baptized a kunai by her friends on the way to the training grounds that served as the venue for her meeting with Ro-Team
It wasn’t as if he’d hit it directly, but Kunai had rained down endlessly from thin air
It's a silent pressure, as if it's obstructing the path to the training grounds.
Itachi neither dodged nor defended, but walked out indifferently
Kakashi admonished him when he realized what his companions were doing, but there wasn’t a single person who truly reflected on his actions
「I'm buying you. I don't want you to die young out of jealousy.」
「No matter who attacks us...」
「Don't underestimate the shinobi of the Anbu.」
Danzo cut Itachi off
「The closer you get to the center of the village, the more people who don't like us. It wouldn't be strange for there to be people who want to kill you by making it look like they're dying on a mission. What would our clan think if you died?」
「Don't tell me...」
「I'm saying there's a possibility that something like that could happen.」
Danzo gave a big nod, as if to confirm Itachi’s thoughts
Itachi will die during the mission.
My father and the others suspect it's a conspiracy by the villagers.
Itachi’s death would be the perfect detonator for those dissatisfied with their clan’s position
Itachi felt a chill run down his spine at the thought that his own death might trigger the coup d’etat
「You are already in a position of great responsibility to both the village and our clan.」
Stepping away from Sugal and walking around the desk to stand in front of Itachi, Danzo gently touched his shoulder
「You must become a bridge between the village and the clan, so live a long life, Itachi.」
Danzo said something similar to my father.
The village of Konohagakure and our clan...
Is that a parallel existence?
Among those who live in the village of Konohagakure, there should be a family of ours.
In that case, wasn’t the relationship between the two of them unnatural in the first place? Why didn’t Konoha have complete control over the clan at home?
Why are my family’s brethren so dissatisfied with the village when they’re even allowed autonomy?
An existence that connects the two.
If you ask my father, pipe.
Danzo called it a bridge.
They're both the same.
「I'll protect your life. Don't worry and carry out your duties as a member of the dark club. We're Itachi.」
Danzo sounded satisfied as he spoke
Itachi returned one small bow and immediately left the room
「It's been a while...」
Izumi said, still looking down
Itachi is in a small park in the clan’s settlement
It was the evening after the transfer into the dark club had been completed without incident and the report to Danzo had been made
When I stood at the entrance to the settlement, I met Izumi, who was on her way home from a mission.
Neither invited the other, and the two naturally turned their feet toward the park.
Izumi is alone on the swing, and Itachi is sitting on the bench behind her.
「I'm sorry about that time.」
「Back then?」
Itachi asked back, and...
Izumi looked over her shoulder as she continued to shake the swing
「Look, at the tea shop in the village...」
I remember now.
Izumi is apologizing for jumping out of the store in anger.
Come to think of it, we haven’t talked alone since then
A lot had happened since then, and honestly, Itachi didn’t have the time to think about Izumi
That's why I completely forgot about what happened at the teahouse until now.
First of all, even if he apologized now, Itachi wasn’t angry at all at the time, so it wasn’t even a matter of forgiveness or forgiveness
「I should be the one apologizing.」
「Why are you apologizing, Itachi-kun?」
「I didn't think Izumi would be that troubled.」
「Hehe...」
Izumi turned around and began to row the swing.
「What is it?」
「It's just like you, Itachi-kun.」
Izumi spoke in a cheerful tone, as if she was in a better mood
Itachi couldn’t keep up with the sudden change in her feelings
Thinking that at this rate, he’d still be thrown off balance, Itachi tried to change the subject
「What about the mission?」
「It's nothing compared to Itachi-kun.」
Saying that, Izumi kicked off the swing and flew into the air
Just like that, she spins forward once and lands neatly
Izumi turned around, her slender hands still spread to the left and right
「It's convenient for taking care of the daimyo's wife's pets and helping move the government office in the Land of Fire.」
「I see...」
The corners of Itachi’s mouth naturally broke into a smile
He was relieved to hear that Izumi hadn’t experienced any dangerous missions.
The answer to the question of why I was relieved was intentionally to avoid looking at it
Itachi thinks he’s still half a ninja himself.
That’s why I didn’t have the luxury of seriously considering Izumi
I want to walk the same path as the person I love... Is that something I shouldn't think about?
I think I understand how Izumi feels as she says that and leaves.
But I can't respond.
「Hey, Itachi-kun.」
「What is it?」
「If... If you hadn't become a ninja, what would have happened to Itachi-kun?」
「I've never even thought about it.」
Itachi was born to Shinobu’s parents
And he had no doubts about becoming a ninja himself.
He also thinks that only ninjas have the power necessary to realize the dream of eliminating conflict in this world
That's why I couldn't think of any other path besides Shinobu.
「I see...」
Izumi hung her head sadly
「I heard you joined the dark club.」
「Did you hear that?」
「There's no one in the settlement I don't know.」
The dark side is a highly confidential department.
Even Shinobu, who belonged to them, had been asked by the village not to reveal her identity as much as possible
Itachi's appointment to the dark side has already spread throughout the settlement...
It sounded good to call it the strength of the clan’s unity, but would it really be all right if this much information leaked out? What if he said something like a coup so easily that the people of the village would hear him?
「Hey, Itachi-kun.」
Izumi’s voice brought Itachi back to reality
「I'm scared.」
「What do you mean?」
「I felt like Itachi-kun was going to get farther and farther away...」
I suddenly felt a shock in my chest.
Izumi's head is under her neck.
「I-Izumi...」
「S-Sorry, Itachi-kun. But let me stay like this a little longer.」
Unable to do anything about it, Itachi waited for Izumi to calm down
「W-We're only eleven years old... And yet, Itachi-kun... Hey, where are you going?」
「I'm not going anywhere.」
Probably...
Itachi swallowed his last words.
「Isn't that a bit of an anticlimax?」
The fox-masked man spoke to Itachi, who stood beside the modest door.
She’s standing on the opposite side of the door from Itachi
The man piled on cool words for Itachi, who remained silent
「Just because it's the dark side doesn't mean it's always a dangerous mission. Hokage's guard duty is admirable as well.」
「I understand.」
Itachi answered indifferently
His face, like a man’s, is covered in foxes.
While the man’s face was suspended, the hole that had been opened where Itachi’s eyes were was round
The name of the man wearing the hanging mask was Hatake Kakashi
He was the captain of the Anburo Group and Itachi’s direct superior
He’s only about twenty years old, but he’s already been part of the Anbu, the village’s elite, for eight years
He’s capable, and he has a lot of trust from the Hokage
Itachi had known this man for a long time
When Tenma died...
This scarecrow was the one who came to save me.
If Kakashi had appeared earlier then, Tenma might not have died.
Shinobu values only reality and results.
The fact that Tenma is dead is an irreversible fact. It's too late to change that now.
Itachi had no intention of holding a grudge against him, considering what would happen if he did.
「Have you learned the basic tactics of the dark club?」
Kakashi asked me a safe question
He's a good boss who cares about the feelings of his new young subordinate.
Killing friends.
Those who spoke ill of Kakashi were always the ones to say it.
Itachi had heard it several times since he’d joined the dark side, too
But those are all the words of those who are older than Kakashi and are resigned to their subordinates.
It was nothing more than slander from jealousy and jealousy
Captain Kakashi will kill his comrades if it means completing the mission...
The faces of those who insulted him so mischievously were always ugly.
In fact, even now, she’s worried about Itachi, who hasn’t been in the dark for very long, and is doing her best to find a clue to the conversation.
「It's all in my head.」
「Impressive.」
For Itachi, who’d read through books about the operation of Shinobu’s platoon, the tactical system unique to the dark side was extremely interesting
Formancell, three-man cell, two-man cell
And at the end of the day, even the way he handled himself on his own
In every situation Shinobu would encounter on a mission, it always covered practical tactics from an offensive position to search for the possibility of completing a mission
Everything, from diversions, distractions, to defensive formations and coordination, was specialized in destroying enemies and completing missions
Itachi’s intellectual curiosity drove him to read through thick tactical books specialized in the dark side in a single night
「He was called one of the brightest ninjas in the ninja school.」
「What is the youngest person to graduate saying?」
「When I graduated, I was in the middle of the Great War and needed Shinobu for everything, so things are different now.」
If you put it that way, the current ninja school system is different from when Itachi graduated
When Itachi graduated, there were still remnants of the Great War
For that reason, as long as their abilities were recognized, there were flying classes, and they graduated quickly
But now that things were peaceful, there was also the Hokage’s will to raise Shinobu with great care over a long period of time, and she could no longer graduate in such a short time as she had in the past
As a result, no matter how talented Sasuke was, he couldn’t become a ninja until he turned eleven
「It's just in my head. I can't say I learned it unless I actually matched my movements with my friends.」
「You'll be fine.」
Kakashi spoke as if he’d seen it happen.
There’s no sense of excessive anticipation or carelessness or conceit or irresponsibility in the sound of it
It was a perfectly natural tone.
That’s why it’s so mysteriously persuasive
「I hope you'll be proud of the dark side of this place.」
「Thank you very much.」
A boss I can trust...
There was something about the man named Kakashi that made him think that.
No matter how many times I come here, I can't like this place...
In the shrine building dominated by hot air, Itachi took a deep breath through his nose
What filled the area were the clan’s brethren
It's a regular meeting.
Izumi, who had become a genin, was also there.
As a young man, Itachi is in the lower seat.
Izumi, who was the same age as me, was also sitting in the same row as several others.
She must have been overwhelmed by the excessive heat, because she kept her face down and didn’t move
I wanted to call out to him, but in contrast to the fervor, there was a silent pressure in the silent shrine building that wouldn’t allow him to act lightly
「Then shall we begin?」
My father, who’d been sitting in the front row, stood up and turned his body toward the others
Everyone is holding their breath, waiting for my father's words.
The scene was like that of some religious founder and believer
A leader who bears the grudge of his family...
That was Itachi’s father, Fugaku’s dark face
「Itachi, my son, has officially decided to join the dark side. He's already begun to carry out his duties as a dark side.」
A quiet cheer echoed throughout the shrine building
「With this, our family has a connection to the center of the village. From now on, we will not only receive it from the village, but also investigate it from here.」
It's not my father who's going to do it.
「Itachi.」
The father called his son's name.
Itachi stood up without making a sound and waited for his father’s words on the spot
「Have you noticed anything since you joined the dark club?」
The question was so vague it confused Itachi
The people of the village are prejudiced against the clan, and they don’t like it.
That's probably the answer my father wants.
In fact, my friends in the dark club aren’t welcoming Itachi’s enlistment, and some of them are harassing him for show.
But I couldn’t say for sure that it was just because I was a member of the family.
Itachi’s youth as an eleven-year-old is one of the reasons he’s irritating them
「It's true that the people of the village are wary of our clan and don't take kindly to it.」
「That's right!」
As Itachi spat out the words he’d brought to the answer his father sought, a synchronized voice rose up from within the seat
「But...」
Itachi continued, adding weight to his voice as he pressed down on the thoughtless onlooker
「Still, I don't feel any aggressive hatred toward the family. I think their emotions are just jealousy and jealousy that everyone has.」
Only my father’s right eyebrow twitched as he listened with his arms crossed
「There are times when the jealousy and jealousy you speak of gather together to form a great surge of emotion.」
As if in agreement with my father’s words, my brethren begin to stir.
Itachi put strength into the pit of his stomach and spat out the words, as if to cut through the voices swarming around him
「If you keep making those backward predictions, no matter what it takes, it'll return to negative phenomena!」
A man stood up as if to stand in front of his father, who was still silently glaring at his son
My father's confidant is Yashiro.
「Hey, Itachi.」
Yashiro called out, his narrow eyes brimming with bloodlust
Silently, Itachi continued to stare at his father’s confidant
「You're supporting the village a lot, aren't you? Whose side are you on, the village or the clan? You joined the dark club, and I'm sure your cuteness hasn't dulled your judgment.」
「You shouldn't frame things with words...」
「What?」
「Enemy... Ally... If you distinguish things by using a tool called words, you can't see how they really feel.
You'll have to step into a place you don't need to step into.」
「I don't have time for incomprehensible questions and answers. Whose side are you on? I'm Itachi!」
Yashiro’s angry roar silences the shrine.
「Isn't it obvious...?」
Still glaring at his father’s confidant, Itachi continued
「I'm a member of the family.」
「Do you have a moment?」
On the way home from the meeting, Itachi, walking away from his father, was stopped by Shisui
Suspicious of his son standing still, his father turned around and noticed his son’s best friend
「What's wrong, Shisui?」
「I wanted to talk to your son for a bit...」
Fugaku looked back and forth between Shisui and Itachi
「Don't be too late.」
With that, she started walking alone down the night road.
「Shisui...」
Once they were alone, Itachi called his friend’s name
「I understand how you feel painfully well.」
His best friend’s brow furrowed as he said that, and he seemed genuinely frustrated
「Yashiro is the leader of the coup d'etat supporters. To him, everyone in the village is an enemy.」
The outburst she’d just showered me with was still ringing deep in my ears
Itachi lowered his face, as if turning away from the image of Yashiro in the back of his mind
「Just like you joined the dark side, I started moving too.」
「What do you mean?」
「I negotiated with Lord Hokage directly and gained the authority to investigate the clan's internal affairs on my own.」
I don't know what it means to investigate the clan's internal affairs
Itachi was bewildered by the words he couldn’t immediately understand, but Shisui realized that and opened his mouth
「I moved away from my normal duties to prevent the clan from making any more unsettling movements. The clan's discontent would explode. To prevent that, I gained the confidence that I could act on my own discretion and the position of a member of the dark club. However, that was only in name, and I was treated directly by Lord Hokage. That's why your father and the others don't know about my dark side, and there aren't many people on the inside who know about it.」
「Don't tell me you're with Lord Hokage...」
「Don't worry. I didn't tell you about the coup d'etat.」
It was obvious that if the village found out about the clan’s plot, they wouldn’t be able to keep each other in check like they were now
「Itachi, you're from within the organization known as the Anbu, and I'm a ninja under Lord Hokage's direct command. I'm going to keep fighting to stop the clan's outburst.」
「No matter what happens, I won't forget my promise to you.」
Shisui holds out his fist
Matching them, Itachi thrust out his fist as well.
「We have to stop the coup at all costs.」
Hearing Shisui’s hard-headed voice...
Itachi nodded in agreement
A scene I didn’t want to believe was unfolding before my eyes
There’s a windowless room in the basement of the building given to us by the dark side, and it’s packed with monitors
Reflected in it were a number of familiar sights for Itachi
「The Nine-Tails Incident... The upper echelons of the village suspected our clan's involvement.」
Itachi listened as Kakashi, standing next to him, spoke, still looking at the monitor
「The higher-ups, who weren't satisfied with just segregating the clan settlement at the edge of the village, began to monitor the settlement twenty-four hours a day in total darkness.」
「So that's this room?」
「That's right.」
By the countless buttons and levers in front of the monitor, my friends in the dark club are operating the screen.
Despite wearing a mask and not being able to see their expressions, I was able to predict everyone's relaxed expressions.
That's how relaxed my friends are.
I can't blame you.
To my friends, it’s just a monotonous mission where they’re staring at the monitor.
I don't even care how serious that is for my family.
「Were you able to see everything?」
「I don't think there's any need to check every little thing, but about this...」
「I understand. I will never report this to my family.」
There's no way I can tell you.
Knowing the fact that every corner of the settlement was being monitored twenty-four hours a day without rest would only make Father and the others even more furious
They're already making a fuss about a coup d'etat, so I'm just going to provide them with convenient materials.
Itachi had been sent to the dark side by his father as a spy investigating the village’s internal affairs
If he was going to faithfully fulfill that role, this fact should be reported to the clan immediately
The moment he abandoned talking, Itachi had even abandoned being a spy for his clan
「I'm going to have you watch over me here for the rest of the day.」
「Are you telling me to keep an eye on my family's friends?」
The monkey-faced man, who had been sitting in front of the monitor and silently listening to Kakashi and Itachi’s exchange up to that point, suddenly stood up
「Friends or not, a mission is a mission. Your family drew in the Nine Tails. That's why we're being watched. Accept reality, newbie.」
「Kou.」
Kakashi called out the monkey-mask’s name to chide him
Then another colleague sitting next to Kou spun his chair around and turned to face Kakashi
It's a round-faced cat mask.
「He got his sister killed by the Nine Tails. That's why we don't have a good impression of the family.」
「Don't let your personal feelings get in the way of your mission.」
As Kakashi spoke, Kou approached him, looking down
「I know. I'm sorry.」
She bowed her head and walked past Kakashi
「Okay, I'm counting on you, newbie.」
The round-faced cat mask followed after Kou, who sounded dissatisfied
「Oh, here it comes.」
Kakashi looked toward the door where they’d disappeared as he spoke
「Together with him, please.」
Standing in front of the door was Sugal, the Shinobu who had been with Danzo
It's already been over four hours since Kakashi left.
Sugal doesn't say a word.
Itachi wasn’t good at casual conversation in the first place, so he didn’t feel uncomfortable with the silence
Time passes with just the two of us staring at the monitor.
It was a coincidence that I found it.
Though it was a mission, Itachi’s blood wasn’t frozen enough to be able to calmly monitor the lives of his brethren
Switching security camera images frequently, trying to keep them in one place as much as possible, and continuing to change the screen in front of me
And by watching them continue for a moment, I somehow managed to maintain my composure.
Itachi, who’s trained to memorize scenes at a glance, is confident that this act alone is enough to carry out his duties
Itachi stopped, feeling a slight discomfort at one of those fleeting fragments
The composition of Minamigano-jinja Shrine from the torii gate
A stone-paved passage extends straight from the stone torii to the shrine.
Itachi could see the space right in the middle of that torii and the shrine building as if it were slightly warped.
It's just a momentary event.
The scenery on the monitor had already regained its silence
Sugal probably hasn't noticed the slight disturbance in the screen.
Even if someone else saw it, it's enough of a change to make you think the camera was blown away by the wind.
However, Itachi recognized the current disorder in the scenery
The scenery near the center of the stone floor was swirling around a certain point.
It's like the surrounding space is being sucked into that one point.
The masked man...
The phenomenon that occurred on the other side of the monitor was the exact same technique the man who’d attacked Itachi and the others had used when they’d escaped during their mission to guard the daimyo of the Land of Fire
「Why is that man...?」
After murmuring carelessly, Itachi realized Sugal was there and regretted it
Sugal is watching the monitor in front of him.
Regretting his own inexperience, Itachi dived back into the sea of thoughts
When Tenma died, Itachi could clearly see the eyes of the man glowing behind his mask
A sunspot appeared in the center of her crimson eyes, and three magatama balls formed in that concentric circle
Indeed, that man’s right eye was the sharingan
Which means he’s a member of our clan.
More than three years have passed since that incident.
Even now, sometimes the scene of Tenma’s death comes back to mind.
Tenma died with uncouth fear plastered all over her face, as if she didn’t know what had happened.
Itachi was shocked at the overwhelming difference in power that existed between the masked man and himself back then
Disappointed by his own powerlessness, he then opened his sharingan
In other words, the masked man is the man who awakened Itachi as a true ninja.
Avenge your coworker, or benefactor.
He felt a strange connection to the masked man.
Itachi has dreamed of the man’s true identity countless times over the past three years
In the realm of deduction, I’d thought we were in the clan, but today that turned into conviction
The blur of the footage is the masked man's fault.
And then that man appeared at Minamigano Shrine.
And on the day Tenma died, the sharingan that shone behind the mask
Everything shows that we're a family.
So who in the family could it be?
In the three years since then, Itachi has interacted with all the men of the clan who live in the village
There’s no one in the clan who has the ninjutsu to manipulate space like that man
There was no one with the same voice or presence as that man.
And most of all, Itachi himself had a hunch that the man wasn’t from the village
Then who is it?
My family has lived in the village since Konoha was founded.
I don't hear anything about anyone other than the clan having the sharingan.
There are some exceptions, like Hatake Kakashi, but that’s also within Konoha
If the precious bloodline limit leaked outside the village like the sharingan or the Byakugan, that’d be the country’s most important thing
There’s no way it’s not in the village’s records
So far, there hadn’t been any talk of the sharingan leaking to other villages
Thinking about it that way, I’m naturally narrowing down my options
The first option is the possibility that as long as the clan is thought to have died on the battlefield during the last Great War, they were still alive and became masked men.
During the war, it had been decided that if a member of our clan died on the battlefield, the sharingan would always be brought back by another ninja
That's why there's no chance it was taken from the body.
In which case, it would be more appropriate to assume that those who thought they were dead were still alive, and that they had set foot in the settlement with the sharingan
And the second option is the possibility that the one who left our clan before is the masked man.
This is less likely than the first option.
Because ever since Konoha was founded, there’s only one ninja who left the clan and left the village
I'm Madara...
He was the man who founded Konohagakure Village along with Hashirama of the Senju clan.
It is said that he left the village and died fighting against the pillar in what is now known as the Valley of the End.
There's no way someone who's dead could be alive.
The second option was to throw it away at that point.
But no matter what, Itachi couldn’t forget this second option
The overwhelming chakra and presence of the masked man he’d actually felt on his skin back then was stronger than any shinobi Itachi had ever met
If such a shinobi had died during the Great War, it should have gone down in history
However, there is no description of such a capable Shinobu dying anywhere that records the Great War.
In that case...
Itachi found it easier to accept that Madara was still alive.
「...Tachi.」
I heard someone's voice in the distance.
「Itachi!」
Sugal’s hard voice brought Itachi back to reality
「It's time to switch solo.」
「Yeah...」
Itachi answered vaguely
Indulging in her thoughts, she kept pressing the button on her fingertips.
The monitor, which was looking away but not looking at her at all, was twirling around to change the scenery
「Are you okay?」
「What are you talking about?」
I answer Sugal’s question with a question.
「No... There's no need to protest.」
Sugal didn’t speak any more than that
February was about to pass since I joined the dark side.
But the monotonous days continue as usual.
Their main duties were guarding the Hokage’s office and practicing with their comrades, so missions that would put their lives in danger hadn’t come around yet
“If assassinations and important missions happen that often, the village can't be called peaceful. The fact that we're free like this is proof that we're at peace.”
Kakashi is laughing at you.
The village is at peace...
So why, Itachi wondered
The village was supposed to be peaceful, so I didn’t know why my heart was in such disarray
I don't know why I feel so rushed.
It's my family's fault.
In the shadows of the village’s peace, our brethren wish for war.
That was the source of Itachi’s disarray
The coup d'etat must be prevented at all costs.
But I couldn’t find a concrete plan for that.
Even though he’d said he’d move with Shisui, even if the two of them spread their arms side by side, Clan’s urges weren’t something he could hold back
The fact that they couldn’t find a way out was making Itachi impatient
「Gyahahahaha!」
A loud, tearing voice pierced Itachi’s ears on his way home from the mission
Itachi stopped in his tracks without thinking, and at the end of his field of vision was a small park
It's already late in the evening.
The sun had long since set in the west, and the area was beginning to be enveloped in dim light
The boy who must have let out that laugh earlier is standing on the swing.
There were three figures running in the direction he was looking.
Probably a friend of his.
「You guys are no match for this Uzumaki Naruto-sama!」
The swinging boy yelled
The figure didn't even turn to look at him as they talked about something as they left.
Staring at the three figures he seemed to get along with, the boy who’d called himself Naruto sat down sadly on the swing
No matter how you look at it, what she just said is a bluff.
Itachi knew from the moment the boy introduced himself
Speaking of Naruto Uzumaki, there's no one in the village who doesn't know.
The boy in front of me is involved in the Nine-Tails Incident that terrorized the people of the village.
A child with a nine-tailed body.
If he goes down the road, everyone lowers their voices.
There was only one person who didn't know that he had a nine-tailed body.
It was Naruto himself.
They’ll be sealed away in their bodies without knowing the calamity of the village, and they’ll live in fear of the people
Naruto couldn’t understand why he was being oppressed by people
His parents are no longer in this world.
There is no one to pour free love into him.
Itachi had somehow made his way to the park
I walk quietly in the direction of the frail, swaying swing
He sat down next to Naruto, who was looking down
「Nuoh!」
Noticing Itachi’s sudden appearance, Naruto nearly fell off the swing in surprise
She flails her arms and legs more than necessary, and once she somehow manages to stay on the swing, she casts a doubtful look at Itachi
「Don't scare me like that.」
「I'm sorry.」
「By the way, who are you?」
Naruto’s eyes widen as he stares at me
Itachi’s swings shook as he turned his gaze to the front
「Who cares who I am?」
「Mom told me not to talk to strangers...」
「She's not here.」
As Itachi spoke...
Naruto put his right hand behind his head with a smile like an embarrassed smile
「Do you know after all?」
「Speaking of Naruto Uzumaki, he's a famous prankster.」
「Am I that famous?」
「In a way.」
「Hehehe...」
Naruto was smiling happily, not understanding Itachi’s sarcasm
「My friend ran away.」
「People who don't understand my pranks aren't my friends.」
Naruto’s voice is awfully cheerful
She seemed to be doing her best to act cheerful so that he wouldn’t notice her loneliness
Everyone knows who Naruto is.
To the village, the Nine-Tails Incident still left a deep scar.
Even the clan still hasn’t been able to escape the effects of this incident while they’re suspected of manipulating the Nine Tails
Itachi himself had suffered a number of slander he didn’t remember from this incident
There’s probably not a single person in this village who’d interact with the boy who’s responsible for that in his body properly
In other words, Naruto is the biggest victim of the Nine-Tails Vale Incident.
Itachi didn’t know how he’d sealed the Nine Tails away in Naruto’s body
But I don’t think it’s proper nerve to seal a lump of calamity in a young baby
Didn’t he think about what kind of persecution the child would face if he did that?
The details of the Nine-Tails Vale Incident are top secret from the village.
The truth was hidden in the darkness, and only Naruto remained
Naruto is a part of the darkness of the village.
This village is built on sacrificing beings like Naruto.
The higher-ups have sealed the calamity away in Naruto, and by persecuting our clan, we’re turning people’s dissatisfaction elsewhere and cleverly continuing to move the village
By intentionally creating darkness, as if to hide the darkness of your own volition...
And now Itachi was also a part of the darkness of such a village
The dark side is the true darkness of the village, after all.
「Nii-chan!」
「Hm?」
Naruto was standing next to him, his eyes wide.
「Are you okay being quiet all of a sudden?」
「I'll be fine.」
「That's good, then.」
Naruto is looking up at her worriedly
「It's almost time to go home.」
「Even if I go home, there's no one here...」
Naruto put on a brave face, his mouth curling into a frown.
「Okay, I'm going home.」
「Whaaat!?」
Naruto showed exaggerated surprise at Itachi as he stood up
「Good luck.」
Itachi thinks he spat out words that didn't even make him feel better.
However, Naruto seemed happy, and he let out a heh-heh laugh as he rubbed his nose with his finger
Then she jumped off the swing with great force, stood up straight, and pointed her index finger at Itachi
「My name is Naruto Uzumaki! I'm the man who'll become Hokage someday!」
「I see, Hokage...」
A fire lit in Itachi’s chest
Despite bearing the darkness of the village on his body, this boy hadn’t given up on his fate
He doesn’t resent the village, he doesn’t hate people, and he believes in his dreams with honest eyes
「I hope you can become one.」
「I'll definitely do it. Remember that until then, Nii-chan.」
Switching his smile to an answer, Itachi turned his back to Naruto and started walking away
The sky was full of stars.
Danzo called me.
Sit in a chair with a sour look on your face
Next to the master of the Roots is Sugal, who should belong to the Ro-Team.
「What about the dark side?」
「I don't know yet.」
「That's my honest opinion. I'm sure you'll experience things you can't do unless you're in the dark. You'll have to hone your skills until then.」
Danzo speaks as if he's his boss.
But Itachi was a dark side under the direct control of the Hokage, and it had nothing to do with the roots
In terms of professional relationships, Danzo and Itachi were practically unrelated at all
「I'm the one who called you here today.」
I silently urge Danzo to continue.
「I've heard that our clan's settlement has been strict with outsiders lately.」
It’s true that over the past few months, the settlement has started to have an exclusive atmosphere
It was as if the settlement itself had a will of its own when my father said the word coup d'etat.
「You're attending the regular meeting too, aren't you?」
Danzo asked me directly
Our clan is being watched 24 hours a day by the dark side.
It was perfectly natural for Danzo to have a grasp on the meeting
「Yes.」
Itachi steeled his stomach, thinking there was no point in hiding it, and answered honestly
Danzo gives a big nod of satisfaction.
「I'll be frank. I'd like to report the details of the meeting to you.」
Itachi's voice is filled with a pressure that won't let him say no.
「At this rate, our clan will be doomed. We need your help to stop that.」
「Are you telling me to betray my family?」
「I will not betray you. I will save you.」
Danzo rested both elbows on the desk and rested his own chin on his crossed palms
His left eye, like a deep, dark cave, shot Itachi
「Betrayal is an act that puts those who have been betrayed at a disadvantage. The act of reporting the details of the meeting will prevent the clan's outburst, and as a result, it will benefit the clan. Therefore, it will not be called betrayal.」
A clever rhetoric.
He probably thought he’d been dizzy from kneading his logic, but Itachi wasn’t fooled
No matter what the result might be for Clan, if she told Danzo the details of the meeting, it would be nothing short of betrayal
Danzo's misjudged.
Itachi wasn’t fixated on the word “betrayal.”
「Understood.」
「I thought you would say that if you hated conflict more than anyone else.」
The root owner answered in a voice that showed no emotion.
I hate to admit it, but Danzo is right.
Itachi had yet to find a concrete plan to prevent a coup d'etat
Danzo’s offer, delivered at such times, radiated an irresistible charm
Shisui will be able to get the cooperation of the third hokage.
And Itachi’s decision might be the trigger to use Danzo’s power
By connecting to the village’s core, I’m sure we’ll be able to prevent the clan’s outburst
「I don't want to take away the dignity of my family. I'll leave the choice of information to you.」
「Thank you very much.」
「I'm counting on you, Itachi. The fate of the clan rests on your decision.」
Danzo’s voice weighed heavily on both shoulders
Itachi’s resolve wasn’t so naive that he couldn’t bear the weight of it
He took a deep breath to the bottom of his stomach, as if he was aware of his own heavy responsibility
Somehow, it smelled like blood...
「So this really is how it's going to be...」
Kakashi murmured next to Itachi, who was holding his breath
At that point, the captain was no longer there, the bottom half of his face covered in a black mask
I leapt off the cliff as if following him
The hollow we’re heading for is littered with the corpses of our comrades.
The enemy I killed was a small country, Shinobu of the Frost Kingdom.
It happened just as we were about to form an alliance.
The ninjas of the Frost Kingdom bared their fangs in the middle of their mission to exchange letters stating the final conditions and so on in order to form an alliance ten days from now.
The enemy had never wanted an alliance in the first place.
Against the four ninja of Konoha, there were more than ten opponents
We were outnumbered.
Konoha ninja, who had been tasked with receiving the letter, were killed in the blink of an eye
As soon as the negotiations break down, execute the extermination of the enemy.
That was the nature of the mission Itachi and the others had accepted
In other words, do not move until the situation is clear.
That's why the initial attack was delayed, and as a result, all our allies were wiped out.
The moment Shinobu of the Land of Frost appeared with a large group of ten, there had been plenty of signs of a breakdown
If the dark side had jumped out at that point, our comrades might not have died.
But even if Itachi had been in Kakashi’s position, he wouldn’t have been able to move until the four of them were wiped out
Kakashi lands among the enemies as he walks in front
His right hand had already pierced one of the enemies
A surge of blue lightning engulfs the captain’s arm
Chidori... That's Kakashi's best technique.
By the time the captain pulled out his right arm, Itachi had also landed in the middle of the enemy
Two more members of the Anbu.
One of them is Sugal.
And the other is a young ninja named Tenzou.
He's a little younger than Kakashi.
But my career as a dark side is pretty long.
「The dark side of Konoha!?」
The next moment, the enemy yells, thick tree trunks coil around the man’s neck and wring him like a snake
The man was too powerful to resist, and died with his long tongue hanging from his lips.
It’s Tenzo’s jutsu
Tenzo was able to use the Tree Escape Ninjutsu, said to have only been able to use the first Hokage, Hashirama
「You had no intention of forming an alliance with us from the start, Konoha.」
Another enemy spoke to Kakashi
「You're the one who set it up first.」
Without waiting for a rebuttal, Chidori dug into the enemy’s stomach
Itachi heard a scream that sounded like a scream on his back
The enemy I see over my shoulder is coming at me with its long sword held high above its head.
I turned around, body and all
The longsword closed in on the top of his head
He quickly raised his right arm.
Catch the right wrist of the enemy gripping the hilt
「Kuh!」
「Give up.」
I tell her, still gripping her wrist
Unable to even bring his longsword down, the enemy broke out in a cold sweat and glared at Itachi
sharingan
The enemy’s body trembled violently once, completely losing its strength
Like a puppet with its strings cut, the enemy’s head flew through the air in front of Itachi’s eyes as he tried to slump to the ground
The ninja sword glitters behind the enemy.
It's Sugal.
「Hokage-sama, your mission is to annihilate the enemy.」
Sugal whispered in a voice only Itachi could hear
He’d read my plan to use the sharingan genjutsu to knock me out
There’s no need to annihilate the enemy
Whether the messenger returns or not, this event will soon be known to the land of frost.
If it’s retaliation, then it’s just those who killed four people.
Sending someone else home alive to talk about Konoha’s true power would be more effective in keeping him in check against the Frost Kingdom
「I know.」
When I told Sugal’s back, which was already on the verge of facing a new enemy, Itachi also took aim at his next target
There are four enemies left.
He's already lost his will to fight.
Sugal’s ninja sword sent the head of the man who’d lost his nerve and begged for his life flying
Behind it, a sharp branch created by Tenzo’s Tree Escape Ninjutsu pierces Noichi’s back as he tries to run away
「Now the Land of Frost and Konoha are enemies!」
「Your lives will prevent that.」
Kakashi’s gently whispering arm pierced the enemy’s solar plexus
「Itachi!」
Tenzou’s voice
Itachi’s eyes caught the approaching enemy with a determined look on his face.
The enemy, gripping the kunai with both hands and gritting their teeth as they came at him, was not even ten years old
The land of frost is small.
Though there was no major war left, in a country with so few ninja and so little national power, even a child like this would probably be enough of a force
「Taah!」
Her spirited shout is no longer a cry.
Itachi accepted the boy into his heart
A sharp pain runs through my stomach
There was a young man's kunai stuck in it.
Her slender arms were still trembling even when they touched Itachi’s stomach
Fear had surpassed its limit, and tears were pouring from the boy’s eyes.
「Itachi!」
Kakashi screams
「I'm fine.」
Kakashi and the others watched Itachi’s calm reply from a distance
The boy’s trembling face slowly lifted
Her tear-stained eyes caught Itachi
「Ah, ahhhh...」
Fear is leaking out as a voice.
「You're a full-fledged ninja now. Hang in there.」
Talk gently to the enemy
The boy’s confused and frightened, and he’s losing his mind.
She shook her head from side to side, desperate to turn away from reality
「You came at me without running away. So I'll show you my gratitude as a full-fledged ninja...」
I grip the kunai behind my back so the boy can’t see me
As the enemy continued to cry, he ran his blade over her slender neck, as if thrusting upward from below
Gently, he pulled the kunai out of his own stomach and took a step back
A spray of blood rose from the boy’s neck
I don't take blood.
That, too, is my hobby as a ninja.
Her young body tumbled into a pile of corpses with no enemies or allies
「This is another battlefield...」
Whisper in a voice no one can hear
Itachi asked in his heart
Am I really getting closer to my dream?
It was buried as it flowed slowly, and it felt like my body was getting heavier and heavier. When I was young, I had longed to be a better ninja than anyone else, and the fences wrapped around my whole body were trying to frame Itachi as a mere shinobi.
I want to abandon the village, the clan, and the dark side and be free...
I know that is unforgivable.
As Itachi agonized, the boy’s eyes, which had lost their luster, stared at him forever
「I want to list the number of participants, invasion routes, attack targets, and assassination targets during the revolt. I want to decide the day of the most important revolt at the next meeting. Please gather everyone's opinions before then. If you have any ideas, feel free to tell me at any time. Just be careful in the eyes of the people of the village.」
When their father finished speaking, their brethren relaxed for a moment
It's a relaxation in anticipation of the end of the meeting.
But Yashiro’s strained voice shattered everyone’s feelings.
「Is Itachi here?」
The voice calling out to him disgusted Itachi on the inside
「Itachi!」
Itachi didn’t reply, but an irritated voice followed up
「I'll be here.」
I lifted my heavy hips
Yashiro didn’t reprimand Itachi for his attitude; he just threw him a cold stare
「You were there when the negotiations with the Frost Realm broke down the other day, right?」
「.........」
「Answer me.」
「The missions of the dark club are not something you should tell outsiders.」
「Are you serious?」
Yashiro’s brow furrowed deeply
Itachi didn’t answer, just stared into the narrow eyes in front of him
「Why did you join the dark club?」
「.........」
「It's to get all sorts of information from a place close to the center of the village and report it to us, right?」
「Yashiro.」
Father called out his confidant’s name as if to help his silent son.
Yashiro continued glaring at Itachi, refusing to answer his father
「What did you bring us when you joined the dark club? We haven't heard a single secret about the village from you.」
「I just don't tell you because I don't know.」
「Is that really all?」
「What do you mean by that?」
Antipathy flickered in Itachi’s eyes
As Yashiro accepted it with a fearless smile, the long-haired man stood up next to him
Uchiha Inabi
He is also my father's confidant.
「You're betraying us...」
「Enough already!」
My father screamed.
Yashiro and Inabi fell silent at their father’s menacing display, which was so unusual
「I'm sure you all know what time this is for the clan. There's no way you can do anything important while your friends are fighting each other.」
「.........」
Yashiro sits dissatisfied
Inabi followed suit.
「You sit down too, Itachi.」
My father glares at me
「Itachi...」
Father whispers in a thin voice to his son as he continues to stand
Her voice sounded like she was pleading.
「I'm sorry.」
The pain in my chest naturally turned into words and spilled out.
My father is desperate to bring everyone together.
I don’t know why you’re so servile and try to wrap things up
Is that how important the framework of the clan is?
To Itachi, it looked like his father was being toyed with by the youth’s enthusiasm
I don't understand...
「Anyway, the next meeting will decide our path. It's an important meeting. I won't allow you to be absent, so please keep that in mind.」
The meeting ended with a disturbing atmosphere, and Itachi headed home alone without making eye contact with anyone
He couldn’t even see Shisui and Izumi
Danzo is looking down at Hiruzen, who’s putting his lips to the pipe’s inhaler
The Hokage's Office
There's no one but the two of them.
「It's been half a year since I joined the dark club...」
Hiruzen said, exhaling smoke
「What are you talking about?」
「Don't play dumb. I'm talking about the man you're looking out for.」
「Hmph!」
Sometimes Hiruzen speaks in such a roundabout way
「I am faithfully carrying out my mission.」
「I see.」
「Didn't you come here to talk about him?」
He sees right through me.
For Danzo, who hated being peeked into his own heart more than anyone, it was unbearable
「It seems we have direct subordinates to the clan, Hiruzen.」
Hiruzen put his mouth to the pipe, as if he’d been hit where it hurt.
Danzo continued, unconcerned
「Apparently, we cut Shisui off from his normal duties and gave him the authority to act on his own discretion and judgment. Furthermore, even if it's in name only, we can't allow him into the dark again.」
「Shisui wished for you to be able to move freely. All I did was set the path for that.」
「The Hokage must have listened to a mere ninja's selfishness.」
「I was just taking in the feelings of those who care about their family.」
「The village won't be able to stand up if you take into account the circumstances of each and every one of them.」
「You don't have to tell me that!」
Hiruzen yelled, his irritation plain
「Why don't you stop being so roundabout and say it clearly? What are you doing here today, Danzo?」
It's about time I stopped bullying her...
Danzo chuckled in his heart and brought up the matter he’d been thinking about for a long time
「Just as you have your own pawns, I want you to prepare one for me.」
Pawns.
The moment he said that, Hiruzen made a blatantly unpleasant face. Then, once he had finished listening, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly as he looked at Danzo.
「Are you telling me to give itachi to Root?」
「I never thought about that.」
「Don't play dumb.」
「I am not playing dumb.」
Hiruzen narrowed his eyes to gauge Danzo’s true intentions as he declared it
Countless creases running at the corners of his eyes deepen
「What are you thinking?」
「Would you like to promote Itachi to Squad Leader?」
「He's only eleven.」
「The captain of the Anbu is over thirteen years old... That's certainly a rule.」
As Danzo spoke with a faint smile, Hiruzen’s expression turned unpleasant
「The dark side is the central force of the village. The squad leader who leads them must have sufficient judgment. That is why he is only thirteen years old.」
「Enough judgment... Itachi already has that.」
「That's not the problem.」
「Age is powerless in the face of power.」
Hiruzen fell silent at Danzo’s firm stance
「Is the code that important to you, Hiruzen? The dissatisfaction of our clan is already unavoidable. In order to break through such a situation, we need someone who can make effective use of the will of the roots, and who has connections to you. A mere ninja of the dark side cannot escape the command of a squad leader. Promotion of Itachi to the rank of squad leader means making him agile.」
「So you're saying you're not going to let him belong to the roots, and then you're going to put him somewhere between you and me?」
「Exactly. In our clan, Itachi and Shisui are no match for each other in terms of raw power. If we bring those two here, it won’t be difficult to prevent the clan’s outburst. Just as you gave Shisui special privileges, Itachi needs some degree of authority.」
「Still, you're too young to be a squad leader at the age of eleven.」
Hiruzen is lost.
One more push...
「How about a twelve-year-old?」
The third Hokage doesn’t answer
「As for the rules, I think we'll be able to handle Itachi's public age by one year.」
「Let me think about it a little more.」
「Understood.」
Danzo is sure of it.
Hiruzen would definitely agree.
「How about school?」
Itachi asked his brother, who was sitting on the bench, and quenched his thirst with cold juice
「It would be much better to train with Nii-san like this.」
Sasuke looked up at his brother and laughed as he gripped the can of water dripping from it with both hands
“Training with Shisui would be far more beneficial...”
When he’d first entered the ninja school, Itachi had said something similar
It's a little late to be realizing that siblings are similar.
He’d finished his mission early, and when Sasuke was home, he’d decided to go along with his training
I don't usually spend much time with her, so I actively create opportunities for her.
And now, this time spent with Sasuke is Itachi’s greatest healing
When I washed off my sweat with my brother, I was able to escape the heavy burden of everyday life.
How long has it been like that?
Lately, whenever he met Shisui, they’d just talk about the clan’s future
It was years ago that we trained together.
Even when he was talking to Izumi, the way she moved her mind made him worry, and he couldn’t be with her without thinking
I know I’m being overly considerate, but there was nothing I could do
In the end, it was only when I was training with my brother that I was able to be myself without thinking about anything.
「Is school boring?」
「That's not true, but...」
Sasuke held his tongue as he stared at the can’s mouth
Somehow, I know what my brother is thinking.
「Your skills and way of thinking are so different that you can't get along well with your friends, can you?」
Because Itachi himself was like that.
Because I was able to do everything better than most people, my friends my age looked like children.
The way we think and face things is so young that we can’t even talk about them with equal values.
He vaguely thought that Sasuke was probably the same way
Like himself, he felt like his younger brother had a clumsy side to him when it came to socializing.
「I'm not trying to do it right. After all, they're completely useless at ninjutsu and studying...」
「What about you, Naruto?」
「Eh?」
Sasuke’s eyes widened at the unexpected name popping out of his brother’s mouth
The way he looks up at Itachi reveals his surprise
Itachi himself was surprised
Even I don’t know why I said Naruto’s name
It's just that I've been thinking about that blond kid the same age as my brother.
「No matter what I make him do, he's no good at all. He's got something on him, he's always poking at me, and he's a pain in the ass.」
「Is Naruto going to come at you?」
「I don't really think anything of him, but he complains about every little thing.」
If his position at his brother’s school was no different from Itachi’s while he was still in school, I think the other students were keeping Sasuke at a distance
In exchange for taking a glance at Sasuke’s abilities, no one would truly try to become friends with him
However, Naruto is said to be charging at Sasuke
The image of him boasting when he became Hokage resurfaced in my mind
A pitiful child with a nine-tailed body and no one to take him on.
Despite that, he believes in big dreams and doesn't doubt them.
His appearance, manner of speech, and everything else seemed the exact opposite of his brother, Sasuke
But... when I imagine the two of them standing side by side, it looks strange.
「If you're going to attack me, that means I'm worried about you. Be friends with her.」
「I can't get along with that guy.」
「I hope I'll be able to do it someday.」
Saying that, he placed his palm on his brother's head.
「It's absolutely impossible!」
Sasuke shut his eyes tightly, wrinkled the bridge of his nose, and ate his teeth
Itachi couldn’t help but laugh at her comical expression
His brother’s expression relaxed and he began to laugh, too
The warm evening passes peacefully.
Fugaku, still sitting with his arms crossed, closed his eyes, heard the sound of the shoji opening and opened his eyelids
It's my room.
As he looked to his right at the alcove set up in the upper seat, he found himself sitting cross-legged against the wall to the right of the room
It was my child who opened the shoji facing the hallway and showed her face.
「What do you want, Father?」
His too-excellent son hadn’t smoothed out his tone, which had grown awfully cold lately, and he hadn’t even tried to come into the room saying that
「Come in.」
When Fugaku urged him on, he finally reluctantly crossed the threshold.
Closing the shoji behind him, his son sat upright in front of his father
「It seems you went to the park with Sasuke.」
「Yes.」
Confirming that the two of them had returned covered in sweat, he called for them to come out of the bath
My brother is talking to his mother at the table right now.
「I have to prepare for tomorrow's mission. Please keep your business brief.」
The son’s face stiffens as he says that, and he’s clearly wary of his father
I can't blame you.
We hadn’t had a conversation called a conversation recently, and the only opportunity for the two of them to hear each other’s voices was during the meeting
I can’t show my parents’ faces in public.
It was only natural that the distance between us would grow between us if we kept treating each other like strangers.
「Don't be so formal.」
Fugaku smiled as he said that.
It's the best smile I can muster.
Fugaku rarely smiles.
As the captain of the police force, as the leader of the clan’s youngsters, I don’t think I should let my emotions show on my face.
No...
Now that I think about it, I haven’t laughed much since I was young
Come to think of it, when was the last time I saw my son smile?
I didn't remember.
My son and I are alike... A strange joy wells up in my chest.
There was a difference between the pure joy of having a child as a parent and the joy Fugaku felt now.
He was called the greatest genius at ninja school, passed the chunin exam on his own, and was the first member of the family to assume the position of the dark club.
He felt joy at the fact that he was similar to Shinobu, who had built many legends.
It was an all too warped emotion for a father to see his son as an object of admiration somewhere
And Fugaku himself is clearly aware of that emotion.
That’s why sometimes Fugaku finds his son so enviable.
He just couldn’t accept the fact that he was losing, not as a father, but as a fellow man
That's why I can't help but be disgusted with Itachi.
As a parent, I think it's far too foolish an act.
However, no matter how hard he tried, Fugaku’s pride as a ninja prevented Itachi from genuinely celebrating his promotion
And my son was trying to get out of my hands...
「How's the dark club doing?」
Itachi stared at his father with wary eyes as he asked without breaking his smile
「As long as you practice what you've been building up day after day since you graduated from ninja school, it's nothing.」
Too exemplary an answer.
His son, who answered matter-of-factly, seemed to have more of a head on his shoulders than against his father, interacting with the one in charge of the young men of the clan
「Yashiro and Inabi aren't here.」
I tried my best to speak in a soft tone.
「I'm your father, and you're my son. That's all I have in this room.」
She's an intelligent girl.
With that, she seemed to have nimbly understood her father’s feelings
But that doesn’t mean it’s going to change into an honest emotional attitude like when I was five or six years old
I lowered my guard a little. That's the extent of my composure.
Even so, the look in Itachi’s eyes became much calmer than before
「It's no different from when we weren't in the dark club.」
「Aren't you going to do some tough work?」
「It does exist...」
That's where my son fell silent.
Then she lowered her eyes for a moment, then looked straight at her father again
「As long as you're part of the dark club, you can't be spoiled.」
「That's my child for you.」
I've always spat out these words when praising my son. But at some point, I started to feel like I'd grown taller when I used them. I tried to keep my talented child in my own category.
My child.
That's what I feel.
It's already become a catchphrase. Whenever I want to praise my son, the words come out before my thoughts. So...
That's my child for you.
After saying that, a small, sharp thorn pierced his chest. And today, Fugaku felt a pain in his chest again.
I spit out the words as if to shake off the itchiness around my solar plexus
「Don't worry about what happened at the meeting.」
「Huh?」
At his father’s words, his son gave him a surprised look
He probably expected to be reprimanded for his interactions with Yashiro and the others at the meeting
As a result of that betrayal, Itachi was surprised.
「It's not like everyone in the family has the same idea. They don't want to force us to think the same way. I want you to be more like a man like Iwao, who goes against the flow and pierces himself than a stone-like being who gets swept away by a great current.」
「Father...」
「There's no need to change your mind. If you can't accept what Yashiro and the others have to say, then all you have to do is stand up to them fair and square.」
「However, that meeting has an atmosphere that doesn't allow for that.」
A sigh naturally escaped Fugaku’s lips
「It is indeed as you say. The young are consumed by passion, and they are unable to see themselves. And even if they eliminate those who do not sympathize with them, they are trying to charge toward what they believe to be noble feelings.」
「Father...」
Itachi held his tongue
「What? Say it out loud.」
「Yes.」
His son made up his mind and began to speak.
「Do you have a different opinion from them, Father?」
「You're not wrong.」
I swore it.
「I feel the same way as them. I'm just not young enough to get rid of different ideas.」
I could clearly see my son's disappointment in my hand.
「I see...」
The stone is already rolling out.
I can't do anything about it now.
No, I didn't mean to.
Revolts are the only possibility left for the clan.
But... I didn't want to force my son to obey.
「All you need to do is be pure in your own thoughts. You must hesitate, hesitate, and find the answer. And when you find the answer, you must never hesitate. You must be prepared to find the answer and stick to it. That is your decision.」
「A decision...」
「That's right. There aren't many people in this world who live their lives making their own decisions. Everyone lives leaving their decisions to others and averting their eyes from their responsibilities. Don't live that way. Make your own decisions and move on.」
Fugaku felt something hot deep in his eyes
He’s desperately trying to suppress the excitement in his chest so his son won’t notice.
「Understood.」
Letting out one small breath, Itachi turned his hot gaze on his father
「I won't entrust my life's decisions to anyone else.」
「That's what makes her my child.」
For the first time in a while, Fugaku was able to say these words honestly
There's no chest pain.
Danzo didn’t miss Hiruzen’s eyebrows trembling slightly
This is the formal meeting room of the Hokage residence, where the budget policy regarding the administration of the village of Konohagakure can be decided
In addition to Hiruzen and Danzo, there were Koharu and Homura, who were on opinion duty.
The basic policy was decided at this meeting, and based on that, Hiruzen would adopt a formal budget with the responsibility of the village’s administrative body
「About the budget for this police force...」
Hiruzen took his eyes off the documents in his hand and looked at the other three
What he's holding is a proposal from Danzo and the others.
「There's been a proposal to reduce the budget. What do you mean by that, Koharu?」
At the sound of his name, Utatane Koharu looked at Hiruzen, her narrow eyes slightly wide
「It's already been seven years since the war ended, and public order in the village has calmed down considerably. On top of that, it's become customary for the dark side to act when it comes to investigating important and heinous crimes. The role of the police force is limited. Isn't there no need for budget like before?」
「Still, a 40 percent reduction is far too sudden. This will affect the personnel of the police force.」
Homura Mitomon opened her mouth to speak as she looked at Hiruzen’s bitterly bitten face
「The reconstruction from the attack on the Nine-Tails Vale is almost complete, and construction of new facilities and the construction of wide roads is urgent. The ninja school, which abolished the early graduation system, needs to be expanded soon. There shouldn't be enough money for an organization that's on the verge of shrinking.」
「I know that. I know that, but if you only use the police force as an enemy, then...」
「You're trying to stir up their dissatisfaction?」
Danzo spat out the words, the action he’d waited long enough to take, and continued as if spouting nonsense.
「Well then, let me ask you something. Is there any other department in this village that has a tendency to reduce their duties as noticeably as the police force? The peace of the village and the expansion of the dark side's duties. The cause of the reduction is clear. The police force can't do anything more than maintain public order. And it's doubtful that even that is being carried out faithfully due to the negative feelings of dissatisfaction with the village. I think securing the current budget is just naivety.」
「I'm not spoiling you. I'm protecting you.」
「Protection? Why do you need to protect those who don't have any problems working?」
「It's because their activities are limited by people like you, who are prejudiced against the clan!」
Hiruzen slammed the table and stood up, Homura and Koharu calmly gazing at it
Danzo didn’t suppress the smile on his lips as he spat out the words to his old friend, the third generation.
「You're biased, so I'll protect you... Isn't that the act of segregating and discriminating them?」
「What did you say...」
「It's because we have a job as a police force, and the village guarantees us more than enough budget. Our family refuses to contact outsiders, and we're sneaking around on our own. Because you're isolated in the framework of the police force under the pretense of protection, wouldn't they be able to grow the evil bud of dissatisfaction within themselves?」
「The establishment and operation of the police force is the will of the dead Second Master.」
「Don't you think that idea is old-fashioned?」
「The Great War is over, and the scars from the Nine-Tails Vale attack are starting to heal. I think we need to change things. What do you think?」
「No objections.」
Koharu raised her voice in agreement
Homura nodded silently in sync.
They’d already laid the groundwork for the two of them. The three of them were of the same opinion on reducing the police force’s budget.
Hiruzen is the only one out of the loop.
「What if our family's dissatisfaction explodes?」
「You're using Shisui to prevent that, aren't you?」
Danzo made a decisive move.
Hit where it hurt, Hiruzen held his tongue
「Isn't that why you removed the young ninja who worry about your family from your normal duties, gave them a nominal position, and even granted them the authority to make a certain degree of arbitrary decisions?」
「Thirty percent...」
Hiruzen spoke in a hoarse voice
A bitter choice.
That's exactly what we're planning.
Danzo doesn't think a 40 percent reduction is possible, either.
He’d expected the reasonable line to be 30 percent.
「If we cut the budget by over 30 percent, the police won't be able to avoid backlash.」
「I respect the Hokage's decision.」
Danzo’s deliberate words made Hiruzen look visibly annoyed
Shisui called me to the usual cliff.
It's already midnight.
The village and the settlement are both asleep.
Still, Darkness’s eyes are open to keep an eye on the settlement
I’d memorized all the security camera angles during my clan’s surveillance mission
They’ve already devised a route that allows them to move freely through the settlement while taking advantage of the small openings created by the camera and camera angles.
He’d only taught Shisui about the dark division’s surveillance and blind spot routes
Shisui is the only ninja I can trust.
I would never do anything that would leak to anyone else.
Shisui should have taken the blind spot route to the cliff, too.
There's no one who knows about their meeting.
Once they’d made it through the settlement and escaped the surveillance cameras’ eyes, Itachi ran
The moon of the lower string shines near the middle heavens
Beneath the twinkling stars that seemed like they were about to fall, he raced forward, choosing the darkness
The forest suddenly split, and the cliff we were looking for appeared. There was a figure at the end of the rough rock.
Standing with its back to me, it stares at the flow of the great river I can see at the bottom of the cliff.
Itachi ran up to him all at once and stopped behind him
「Sorry to keep you waiting.」
「I just got here too.」
Shisui turned around as he said that, and his face was clearly haggard
There are faint dark circles under her eyes, and her cheeks are slightly uneven.
His somewhat pointed chin looked more like a mark of overwork than an adult’s growth.
「You seem quite tired.」
「A lot has happened, after all...」
