Tomorrow, Kohinata Mukai takes her first vacation in a month.
When Shimura Danzo learned the truth, itachi strengthened her will to carry out the plan.
Arrangements will be made immediately, and while we're there, the Sissy mission schedule will be changed.
it was danzo's fault.
tomorrow, itachi will kill the ninja who live in the same village...
You may be a traitor, but you're still one of us.
we're friends in the village.
I'd be lying if I said I didn't have any hesitation in killing him.
But this was more important than any mission I'd ever experienced in my ninja life.
i can't refuse.
Mukai was connected to Kirigakure-no-sato (village of hidden mists) in the shadows, and she kept strongly believing that she was a traitor who kept the important secrets of Konohagakure-no-sato secret, and she somehow managed to reconcile with her guilt.
I'm ready"
a cheerful voice broke itachi's will.
”I did everything I was told to do.”
My brother smiled as he said that.
she smiles back.
in the woods.
After tomorrow's mission was decided, itachi was resting.
i'm training with sasuke as he begs.
There's a mato with a double circle hidden in the trees by Sasuke.
you can't see it from itachi's perspective.
Come on, Nii-san"
Sasuke's voice jumped as if he couldn't hide his excitement.
nodding, itachi gripped her kunai in both hands.
One in the crotch of each finger, and it's exactly eight.
Eight iron claws flew out of his fist, lightly clenched"
I'm going to hide my face, and I'm going to unify my mind a little.
Then I pour the chakra I’ve accumulated deep in my stomach into my eyes.
Sharingan...
and the trees start breathing loudly.
Amidst the roaring, wriggling pulse of life, I see a small, round object.
Yatsu
one small breath, and itachi lightly kicked the ground.
i'm going to turn my head and my legs in midair.
If you turn it upside down, the center of gravity will stretch downward and you'll be stable.
Stabilizing the position increases the precision of the kunai's control.
close your eyes, imagine the eight targets in your brain.
There were two things I couldn't reach from this place.
The target that's randomly rolling around behind the huge rock in front of it is the most troublesome.
first, i threw four of my left hand at once.
and precisely hit the four targets in relatively easy places.
now there are two kunai that are gripping from the thumb to the middle finger of the right hand.
this one's on the mark, too.
there's two left.
the itachi's body is still in the air.
it hasn't even been a second since i jumped up.
Hold one between the middle finger and the ring finger in your left hand
one kunai on each side.
Throw both arms at the same time
The orbits of the two kunai were intentionally overlapping.
The blades clashed in empty space, making sharp metallic noises as they flew away from each other.
Landing
The Sharin Eye emits a red light.
As itachi slowly stood up, there was a presence of her brother in front of her eyes.
Sasuke, who had been hiding behind a tree to avoid danger, poked his head out.
He was dumbfounded by the arm of the itachi that had pierced through the center of all targets.
She's staring at the rock in front of her, her mouth still wide open.
there's the most troublesome target there.
of course, i've been through that, too.
This is why the last two arrows collided and changed their trajectory.
「Amazing, Nii-san! It's right in the middle of the blind spot behind the rock!!」
sasuke jumped out the back of the tree.
there's kunai in both hands.
Seeing my brother's arm made me feel like I couldn't take it anymore.
“All right... I'll do it too!”
「......Sasuke, let's go home soon.」
Sasuke suddenly stopped moving, even though he was so eager to do it.
The look on his face when he turned toward his brother was filled with dissatisfaction.
Didn't I tell you that I'd teach you a new shuriken technique?"
I made a promise, but I've fulfilled enough of my promise to show you now.
I have an important mission tomorrow, and I have to prepare for it.
i'm mainly prepared.
Brother looks away, pouting"
The cool eyes beneath her furrowed brow were twisted to the point where I could cry at any moment.
「...You're a liar.」
I'm not mad that you didn't teach me how to shuriken.
He's angry that the time he spends with his brother has been interrupted.
if i can do itachi, i want to train with sasuke as much as i can.
But tomorrow's mission wasn't easy enough to forgive.
Itachi wants to cry, too...
Even though she looks away, she beckons to her brother, who is looking at her brother with resentful eyes.
The gloomy look on my brother's face brightened up with joy.
The sound of happy footsteps echoed throughout the forest as Sasuke ran up to me.
「Forgive me, Sasuke...... Next time.」
He pointed his index finger at Sasuke as he said that, and hit him in the forehead.
「Owwww!」
Sasuke closed his eyes and screamed a little as he was blocked by the charge.
She looked up at her brother, and her mouth was twisted into a frown.
whenever sasuke makes a face like this, he's always planning something.
Nii-san, watch me"
Sasuke crossed his arms and readied his kunai, smiling boldly.
“Too―――!”
before itachi could stop him, sasuke flew towards the target.
Hey! If you do something reckless...
In front of itachi's screaming eyes, Sasuke twists his ankle and plunges his head to the ground.
On the way back
Walking through the hidden leaf village toward my village, carrying sasuke's injured leg.
As I feel my brother's warmth on my back, time passes peacefully.
The presence of Sasuke on my back made a small ripple.
Itachi stopped and looked over his shoulder at his brother.
What's wrong"
”This is where Dad works.”
it's the headquarters of the konoha police force.
While looking up at the large, circular concrete building, Itachi answered his brother's question indifferently.
I've been wondering for a while,"
's the family crest on the police squad's mark"
Oh... So you noticed...
Of course it is"
I smiled at Sasuke's voice.
“Yeah... To put it simply, the predecessors of the family were the ones who set up this police force. That’s why they put their family crest on the symbol of this organization. The family has been keeping public order in this village for a long time. Our family’s family crest is also a symbol of that proud family.”
Itachi spoke, trying to satisfy his brother's desire to know something, avoiding the difficult words as much as possible.
My brother listens silently to my brother's words.
「Our family's gotten smaller by now, but almost everyone's still in Squad 1 here, contributing to the maintenance of the village's security.」
there are exceptions like sissy.
I heard that in the case of Sissy, there was a request from the ninja in the village who highly valued her excellence.
Once you're in the police force, you'll be extremely few opportunities to interact with outsiders, and we'll be completely locked up in the family's ranks.
because the ninja in the village were afraid of that, the sisie was on duty in the field.
But Sasuke didn't have to explain it to him, so he cut it off in his mind.
「The only ones who can crack down on crimes committed by ninjas are even better ninjas.」
And... the only one who can bring an end to the conflict created by a ninja is an even better ninja.
「You're going in here too, Nii-san?」
his brother's innocent question pierces itachi's heart.
I'm not going in...
the real answer came out the back of my throat.
“I dunno...”
I can't tell my brother that I'm going into the shadows for a family that's dissatisfied with the village.
itachi had no choice but to hesitate.
Do that"
My brother, who didn't know anything about the adult's dark circumstances, screamed in a carefree voice.
that sparkly purity of yours is making my chest tighten.
“I'll join the police when I grow up!”
Brothers join the police force and work hard for the mission.
it's like a dream come true.
But that day will never come...
itachi's going dark.
I wouldn't have accepted it if I was in a position to join the police force.
i have a dream to end this world's strife.
The vessel of the police force was too small to realize my dream.
Dad will come to the entrance ceremony tomorrow. It's the first step in my dream.
My brother's dream is to work with him as a ninja in the police force......
I was happy, but...
that dream won't come true.
...Yeah"
itachi could only give vague answers.
When we reached the gate between the village and the village, I suddenly sensed a presence near the wall.
「You're late... What were you doing? I need to talk to you.」
my father saw itachi with his arms crossed.
Let's hurry home"
Yes"
Nodding to the itachi who answered, my father begins to walk in front of me.
Itachi moved her heavy legs, still carrying her brother, as if to follow the unwavering trail leading straight home.
How long has it been since I've had the chance to face my father like this?
i know the answer.
but itachi didn't want to accept that answer.
My father's room
I see my father crossing his arms in front of itachi and sasuke sitting side by side.
I heard it'll be tomorrow"
my father suddenly cut me off.
itachi silently felt the heartbeat of her chest grow stronger.
i knew what my father meant.
it refers to tomorrow's assassination of mukai.
it's beating faster.
How much does my father know?
and who told you about the mission?
there is a vague answer to the latter question.
only those who are close to danzo can ask that.
why did danzo leak information about the mission to my father?
Suspicion calls to mind, stirring up itachi's chest.
「Fufu...... That's my child...... I've come this far in just half a year since I was promoted to Chunin.」
itachi's watching him silently.
sasuke looked at his brother worriedly eyes.
About tomorrow's special mission... I've decided to come with you.
my heart was pounding the most violently that day.
But the shaking in my brother's heart beside me was far more intense than that.
My father is so busy with his family, he forgets how important tomorrow is to him.
i'm angry at my father.
「If this mission succeeds, itachi... your enlistment in the underworld will be almost unofficially decided.」
my father's eyes turn red as he stares at my son who remains silent.
“You understand, don't you?”
only one person was allowed to accompany the mukai assassination.
i've already told danzo that sissy will accompany you.
If he doesn't know that fact, then he doesn't know the details of the mission.
I'm guessing someone must have just told her the schedule for the mission.
I hate the village, but I'm at the mercy of the information that comes from the village.
I felt unbearably sorry for my father.
a mission that requires preparedness for death.
there was no one with me but the sissy.
i will not allow my father's intervention.
You don't have to worry so much. More importantly...
i saw sasuke.
I'm sure he'd like to cry right away, but his bright brother's smiling, stifling his own emotions.
It's okay, Nii-san"
i could hear my brother's voice.
Itachi smiles, puts words in his eyes"
Say it... Tomorrow's an important day for you, isn't it"
With a strained gaze, I push her small back.
Dad... Tomorrow is my...
「Tomorrow's mission is an important one for our family!」
My brother's courage was shattered by the hard words of his father, who only cared about his family.
And then, while desperately trying to hold back her tears, Sasuke lowered his face with a frozen expression.
my anger towards my father is beyond its limits.
is your family that important to you?
you don't care about your brother?
the only thing that you see in your eyes is the future of your family.
I don't care about my son trying to go on a suicide mission.
I don't even care about my brother.
How can I beat the hidden leaf village with such narrow eyes?
i hated everything.
I'm going to give up on tomorrow's mission.
”...?! What are you talking about?! You should know how important tomorrow is! What on earth are you talking about?!”
「Tomorrow, I'll follow you to the entrance ceremony for the ninja school in Sasuke.」
my father breathed a little.
For the first time, my father remembered his child's plans for tomorrow.
That just makes me irritated again...
i was sad.
It's customary for one's relatives to attend the entrance ceremony of a ninja school. Didn't you get a notice, Father?
i'm serious about abandoning the mission.
i'm not lying to you from the bottom of my heart.
my father seemed to understand itachi's true feelings.
After a moment of silence, my father let out a small sigh of exasperation.
「......I understand now......I'll go to the Ninja Academy.」
After saying that, my father stood up and walked towards the table where my mother was waiting.
itachi and sasuke also leave the room and chase after him
there's a dry rustling sound coming from the yard.
To put it that way, itachi knew that my father would definitely go to Sasuke's entrance ceremony.
my son's underworld enlistment is the first step towards achieving the clan's long awaited goal.
i can't give up at sasuke's entrance ceremony.
It was precisely because I couldn't let my father accompany me on my mission that I seriously intended to attend Sasuke's entrance ceremony.
I wasn't lying about getting sick of everything, or about wanting to go to ninja school.
But I hadn't given up on completing the mission with Sissy.
Entering the shadows is not a foothold for the clan's long-cherished wish.
It's a small step towards achieving the itachi's dream of becoming the best ninja in the world, in order to end all conflict.
i didn't want to give it to you.
That's why I used my brother...
i'm disappointed in myself.
Even though it had been decided that my father would be attending the entrance ceremony, Sasuke seemed to feel responsible for creating a bad mood between his brother and his father, and quietly followed behind itachi.
While looking over her shoulder at her brother, itachi opened her mouth to hide her guilt.
”Calm down your left leg...”
Wasn't her smile convulsing as she said that?
Yeah"
my brother answers with a complicated expression.
I couldn't find the right words to say to Sasuke.
「It's no exaggeration to say that I'm living for this guy's sake.」
Kohinata Mukai exhales tobacco smoke in the sky in front of itachi, who gasps.
In the hands of those who don't have cigarettes, there's a bottle of silver in it.
Over ten hidden ninjas had fallen around the three glaring at each other.
he's already unconscious.
we took them all down with itachi and sissy.
surrender peacefully, Kohinata Mukai. Lord Hokage is a tolerant man to those who surrender. He will not do anything to kill you.
a sissy standing next to itachi said
The three-eyes of Tomoe were already visible in her eyes.
Mukai lowered her head so as not to look at it, and gave a sarcastic smile.
「An instantaneous sissy is a well-known ninja. Even so, if you only walk in the sun, can you really feel that much? Or......」
Mukai suddenly stops talking and tilts the silver bottle.
You're still just a kid"
Only his right eye is wide open. Mukai laughs at his sissy.
That disdainful attitude wrinkles the sissy's brow.
“You know what I did, right? Then you should know whether you’ll be forgiven just by turning yourself in.”
i'm going to flick my thumb, and i'm going to blow off the ashes.
“It is an honor for two geniuses to be assassins.”
i took a cigarette out of my pocket and threw it in a portable ashtray.
Put a lid on a silver bottle and put it in the pocket of the vest.
It's dangerous like this"
the mukai chakra suddenly increased in volume.
the shadow clones have returned.
at the same time that mukai chakra increased, itachi removed his shadow clone who was monitoring konoha hospital.
「I bet my son's mad now that he knows the old man we were talking about was a shadow clone.」
Mukai glares at the two in front of her, scratching her head.
I'd better hurry home and make an excuse"
He lowered his hips deeply, and showed a stance peculiar to soft fists, which raised both hands to chest height.
「Why would a ninja like you become a spy?」
There's a lot going on when it comes to Pops. And that's something you can't understand until you're old. So even if you tell us now, you won't understand half of it"
If you die, what will happen to the sick son?
That's why I can't die here. Even if I kill you guys.
countless streaks run around the mukai's left eye.
「The whites of your eyes!」
By the time itachi yelled, the sissy had already jumped backwards and distanced itself.
I can't go easy on you, so please forgive me"
i heard mukai's voice in itachi's ear as she stood still.
we're closing the distance at once.
the left and right palms attack itachi's throat and solar plexus simultaneously at tremendous speed.
I thrust my hand into her stomach, and bent my index and middle fingers inside her.
Hmph"
Mukai's hand pulls out the itachi's intestines.
At that moment...
The itachi, whose belly was torn apart and standing still, turned into a huge number of crows.
Mukai didn't dodge the beak that attacked her on its own, but rather prevailed as if nothing had happened without her elegant body.
Sissy sneaks up behind him.
「Fire Arts: Fire Arts.」
A fireball big enough to take the mukai from the sissy's mouth, which quickly made a mark.
With his right hand out in front of his face, Mukai confronts the fireballs.
Direct hit.
no, no, no, no.
the ball of fire broke in half in front of the mukai.
it didn't look like he did anything.
but that doesn't mean you have any special feelings about your body.
It looked like the fireballs themselves had broken in front of the Mukai.
If you control a fist that cuts through enemy chakra, it means you're familiar with the flow. Your technique is a bundle of chakra. If you can read the flow, breaking it isn't that hard"
Mukai, who was happily lecturing me, ran up to the sissy.
Sissy's face clouded over.
Even though Sissy herself has more than average martial arts skills, her opponent is a user of juken.
it's not at the level of martial arts.
i couldn't help but be upset.
Itachi's looking down from afar at all the developments up until now.
About three hours north from the village of Konohagakure, in the territory of the fire country.
three of us are fighting in a small basin surrounded by a small hill.
There were many places where one person could hide in a rocky mountain without a single plant"
Itachi's holed up in a well-oiled rock, watching their fight.
shadow clones were the only ones who confronted mukai.
itachi never left this place in the first place.
the opponent is a soft fist wielder.
it's too hard to take him down in close quarters.
The match is decided by the blow from a long distance.
Sharin's eye is pupils.
you put chakra in your eyes, and you put your opponent in your jutsu.
In other words, as long as you're within range of my line of sight, you'll be able to set up an enemy.
a cross of eyes doesn't happen only in your consciousness.
Thinking it's a casual scene, the enemy looks around.
As long as the visual axis matches the cast's, we'll be able to create a situation where our eyes meet without them noticing.
itachi was waiting for that moment.
And for that reason, the sissy is struggling to match the position of the Mukai to the axis of itachi while facing dangerous close quarters fights.
If I could just activate my Sharingan's pupils, I should be able to do something about the rest.
As long as I can make a small fissure in Mukai's heart, I can use it as a starting point to gradually erode her pupils.
it's the first strike that matters.
in addition to being experienced, i can feel the flow of chakra as my vision.
Mukai, a user of 'hakugan' (eyes of white), understands what the sharingan is.
It was a plan to destroy it.
The sissy dodged Mukai's left thrust just in time, and bent her body backwards.
Mukai closes the distance between us as if it's a good opportunity.
Sissy jumped backwards like she was flinching.
At that moment, Mukai's face turned toward the shadow of the rock where the weasels were hiding.
but we still don't cross the axis of both.
Mukai averted her eyes from the sissy who had landed, and suddenly averted her eyes.
i activated the sharingan!
At last, Sissy's Sharingan is a diversion"
The place where Mukai averted her gaze was the spot where the weasels hid"
Mukai's gaze, which unconsciously captured the scenery, mingled with the sharp, itachi's gaze towards the enemy...
it was supposed to be.
Just by a hair's breadth, a mukai suddenly kicked the ground and flew.
that's a hell of a leap.
and when it lands, it kicks another rock and jumps.
they know where we are.
for a moment there, the mukai realized the existence of itachi with his white eye.
I'm sure that's when they found out I was activating the Sharingan.
To confirm my instincts, or to drag itachi to the battlefield?
anyway mukai jumps straight to the rock where itachi hides
Itachi will not miss the sissy standing behind him laughing.
Sissy's gone.
the next thing that appeared was in front of mukai's eyes.
「Tch!」
Mukai clicks her tongue and gets knocked down onto a steep rock face.
Sissy's kick explodes in his face.
cranial fracture.
What appeared in itachi's eyes was a broken log.
「A shadow clone!?」
「That's right...」
I heard Mukai's voice behind the small yelling itachi.
the position of the soft fist
Hakke-nisho"
The left and right palms of the hands that keep beating the belly
Hakke Shisho"
I didn't even have time to breathe. This time, four.
Hakke hassho"
Mukai's counterattack mercilessly attacked, as if sneering at the thought of itachi searching for a starting point for a counterattack.
“Whoaaaaaaaaaa!”
i heard a grieving voice on the right side of the mukai.
blind spot with white eyes.
At the edge of itachi's hazy field of vision, the figure of a Sissy throwing a flying kick wavers.
“Shut up...”
The reason I had the time to mutter that was because Mukai took a defensive stance.
no, no, no, no.
it's easy to use the word defense.
Mukai avoids jumping kicks by tilting her head, grabbing Sissy's neck with her left hand, and lifting her up high.
Mukai supported the strong young man's body with only one arm.
Sissy's struggling desperately after being strangled.
but the five fingers that sink into my throat don't get flecked.
It's called 'training' to overcome weaknesses."
Covering one blind spot with your body technique was the first step in my training. Don’t underestimate Pops, brats.”
Kohinata Mukai"
Itachi unconsciously called out the name of the powerful enemy in front of him.
they're stepping forward without even realizing it.
“What? You want me to kill you?”
it wouldn't be strange if it was taken that way.
I don't know what kind of retaliation trick remained in itachi, being shot by a soft fist and having the flow of chakra cut off all over my body.
Moving forward without a plan is an act that can't be complained of even if it's judged to be savage.
but my feet won't stop moving forward.
Even though I don’t remember ordering you, you’re walking straight for the mukai.
「In that case, I'll make it easier for you as you wish.」
「Guuuu!」
Mukai tightened her grip on Sissy's neck.
i'm going to crush your throat.
Stop it"
The Eye of Æon shone in the Eye of Æon.
「There's no way something that obvious could work on me.」
the mukai who said that turned away from itachi.
In front of her... was the face of her best friend.
Kaleidoscope Sharingan...
that's what sisie whispered.
The eyes of my friend, who had turned red, had a different shape from any other Sharingan that weachi had seen.
Sharingan refers to a circle in which a small black spot is drawn in the center of the eye, and a magatama-like patch in Tomoe's condition appears in a circle that can be called an outer circle.
Power may change depending on the number of magatama, but this shape itself was common to the family.
but not for sissy.
The three-way magatama has become massive, and the small dot in the center of her eyes disappears to form a red cavity.
If the ratio of red and black in the normal Sharingan was about 8:2, then those eyes of the sissy now looked like they were on par with the five-on-five.
It's probably less than a few thousandths of a second that Sissy's and Mukai's gazes cross.
It's just a matter of whether or not normal Sharin's eyes can see it.
the sissy will not miss that moment.
There's no mistaking that Mukai had fallen for genjutsu...
「Mukaii!」
the sissy, untied, stood there in a daze.
In front of her is the figure of a fallen mukai, blood splattered from her belly.
itachi stands there, watching it.
i cut my own belly.
The moment Sissy activated her Sharingan, Mukai stiffened her body slightly, took out a kunai from her pocket, and suddenly tore her stomach to shreds.
「Get a hold of yourself, Mukai!」
The sissy crouches down, clutches the Mukai's head, and screams.
「He's a spy from another village. If his brain gets in the way, he'll try to kill himself. He won't make it.」
Blood gushes out of Mukai's coughing mouth.
「I, it's the first time I've ever seen anyone fall for her pupil technique... What the hell is that?」
Sissy doesn't answer.
「So it's our secret art...」
Itachi spoke to Mukai out of consideration for the sissy that was enveloping her mouth.
Is there anything you want to say?
「Th, this is how things turned out, but... I, I decided on my own... I don't care about my wife or kids...」
“Treachery is a crime of your own, is it not?”
It's a good story, but...
his trembling hands are looking for something in his pocket.
the weasels pushed the mukai's fingers away and took out what they wanted.
I pick a cigarette out of the box and hold it out to the mukai.
A, a fire......
This time, Sissy took a lighter out of her pocket and lit it on the tip of her cigarette.
Inhaled deeply, held a cigarette in his mouth, poured it down to the bottom of his lungs, and the mukai exhaled smoke as if tasting it"
「This is how ninjas die...... I'll wait over there first......」
Her hand, still holding the cigarette between her fingers, fell to the ground, and the mukai stopped moving"
“Looks like it's over.”
Sissy's voice trembled from exhaustion.
itachi nodded silently.
About the Sharingan earlier...
Could you keep quiet about this to the villagers?
Sissy murmurs while staring at Mukai's face.
Yeah"
Kaleidoscope Sharingan...
When he said that, Sissy's eyes reflected that deformed Sharingan pattern again.
”When the time comes, I will tell you everything.”
The Itachi felt irresistible charm from the unknown power hidden within them.
Rohan, huh...
The itachi stared straight at Danzo, who muttered that as he looked down at the documents.
It is the room of Danzo in the mansion given to Ne.
He sat in front of the ebony desk, rested his left elbow on the armrest, and didn't look away from itachi while holding the documents in his right hand.
The captain is Kakashi Hatake"
Yes"
itachi answered concisely.
I've been wondering about the man standing next to Danzo.
he's a root in a white tiger's mask.
there's no clear reason for what's going on.
I was just curious about the guy.
The round eyes at the end of the round hole in the white surface have been staring at itachi for a long time.
For some reason, those dark gazes are making my heart flutter.
“That man is an excellent man.”
danzo told me to be sure.
Kakashi Hatake...
He saved me when I was still a shinobi.
He was assigned to guard the daimyo (Japanese feudal lord) of the fire country, where he was attacked by an unknown man and his squad Tenma was killed.
Itachi, who still hadn't opened his Sharingan, was prepared to die from the overwhelming difference in power.
But the man murmured the name of the scarecrow and disappeared.
Even now, I don't know for certain why the man disappeared.
But the man murmured the scarecrow's name and disappeared.
I don't know if it's because I'm afraid of his power, or if there's another reason.
「That man has darkness. That is the most important element to him.」
Darkness...
Do you have it?
itachi's asking himself
「Don't worry. You have plenty of darkness as well.」
Danzo said, as if he could see right through me.
I'm not that surprised at how many times we've already met.
As long as you have the ability to discern the state of the mind of the other person, it's possible for you to state your thoughts ahead of them in some degree of conjecture.
danzou's just using that technology.
「I've prepared a transferal gift for you.」
Danzo said that and stood up, throwing the documents at his desk.
Putting the ebony chair under the same desk, I stood next to the tiger and looked at the weasel.
And when I put my hand on the man's shoulder, he gave me an unusually cheerful smile.
I'm lending this man to the Rohan"
Danzo's roots were a part of the underworld, but he was completely cut off from the underworld under the direct control of the third hokage in terms of chain of command and leadership.
Therefore, itachi has heard that there is no need for both parties to exchange information frequently or exchange personnel in the underworld.
”Don't worry. I have Hiruzen's permission, of course.”
Danzo spoke as if he could read my mind again.
No matter how many times I hear itachi's arrogant, I don't like it.
「I am your first meal. I am sugarto.」
all of a sudden, the tiger's face spoke.
She must have choked on something, as there was a dry rustling sound mixed in at the corners of her voice, and it was a difficult voice to hear.
「Sugall had a serious illness in her throat as a child, and ever since then, she hasn't been able to speak properly.」
“Speaking is necessary for this mission, so it is difficult to do anything other than that.”
His voice sounded strange, but his tone was light.
he seems to have a very friendly personality.
You can use this man as your limbs"
My arms and legs"
「Okay.」
sugal answered itachi who asked danzo.
I am but a tsurugi. Danzo-sama's command is absolute. I am ready to give my life to you, if you command me to do so"
suguru says sarcasm plainly.
itachi stares at danzo without even smiling.
I can do it alone in the dark.
Don't take it too seriously. In the end, Suguru's been lent to Rohan. Even the captain's scarecrow doesn't know about the relationship between you and Suguru. If you don't think about Suguru, that's fine. But Suguru will always protect you"
Safer? Are you saying someone is after me?
「I'm only eleven years old, and this is my first time in the dark. It's enough to earn me jealousy and jealousy.」
Indeed, on the way to the training grounds, when I met the Rohan, my friends baptized me with kunai"
Not directly, but the kunai fell from empty space without end"
it's like a silent pressure blocking the way to the field exercise camp.
Itachi didn't dodge or defend, but walked out indifferently.
When the scarecrows realized what they'd done, he remonstrated with them, but no one really reflected on their actions.
I'm buying you. I don't want you to die young out of jealousy.
“No matter who attacks...”
「Don't underestimate the ninja in the dark.」
danzo will end itachi's words.
The closer we get to the heart of the village, the greater the number of people who don't like us. It's no surprise that there are people who'd want to kill you, making it look like they're on duty. What do you think of our family if you die"
You don't mean...
I'm saying it's possible"
Danzo gave a big nod, as if affirming what he was thinking.
itachi dies in the line of duty.
my father suspects that it's a conspiracy by the villagers.
The death of the Itachi will serve as a catalyst for those dissatisfied with the position of the clan.
When I thought my death might trigger the coup, I felt a shiver run down my spine.
You are already in a position of great responsibility to both the village and our family.
Stepped away from Sugal, turned the table, stood before itachi, and Danzo gently touched her shoulder.
You have to become a bridge between the village and your family, so please live a long life, itachi.
danzo said the same thing my father said.
The hidden leaf village and my family...
Is it a parallel existence?
among the people who live in konohagakure village, there should be a family.
Then isn't the relationship between the two of them strange in the first place? Why don't we have complete control of the family?
Why are my kin in the family so dissatisfied with the village when they're even allowed autonomy?
A being that connects the two.
my father used to say pipe.
if you ask danzo, it's a bridge.
they're both the same.
「I'll protect your life. Don't worry and carry out your duty as a member of the underworld. We're itachi.」
As Danzo spoke with satisfaction...
Itachi returned a small bow and left the room immediately.
It's been a while...
Izumi said, still looking down.
there's itachi in a small park in a family settlement.
The transfer of the underworld ended without incident, and the report to Danzo was completed in the evening.
When I was standing at the entrance to the settlement, I met Izumi, who was on her way back from work.
neither of them invited the other, and they naturally walked over to the park.
Izumi's sitting on the swing by herself, and Itachi's sitting on the bench behind her.
「I'm sorry about back then.」
Back then"
When itachi asked back...
Izumi kept swinging the swings as she looked over her shoulder.
Look, at the teahouse in the village...
i just remembered.
Izumi is apologizing for leaving the store in anger.
Come to think of it, we haven't talked alone since then.
So much has happened since then, and honestly, I didn't have time to think about Izumi.
That's why I've completely forgotten what happened at the teahouse until now.
In the first place, even if you apologize now, itachi wasn't mad at all at that time, so it's not a problem that I won't forgive.
I should be the one apologizing.
「Why are you apologizing, Itachi-kun?」
”I didn't think you'd be so worried about it.”
「Fufuu......」
Izumi turned around and started pedaling the swings.
What is it"
「That's just like you, Itachi-kun.」
Izumi spoke in a cheerful tone, as if she was in a good mood.
Itachi can't keep up with that sudden change of heart.
At this rate, he'll still be in disarray, so itachi tries to change the subject.
「What about the mission?」
Compared to Itachi-kun, it's nothing"
Izumi kicked the swing and flew into the air.
it rotates forward and lands beautifully.
Izumi turned around with both of her slender hands still spread out to the left and right.
It's been used to help the daimyo's wife take care of their pets and move to the fire country government office.
I see"
itachi's lips naturally smiled.
I was relieved to hear that Izumi hadn't gone through a dangerous mission.
I didn't want to look at the answer to the question of why I was relieved.
Itachi still thinks he's a full-fledged ninja himself.
That's why I didn't have time to think seriously about Izumi.
I want to walk the same path as the man I love"
I understand how you feel when you left after saying that.
but i can't answer that.
「Hey, Itachi-kun.」
What is it"
「If... If you hadn't become a ninja, what would have happened to Itachi-kun?」
I've never even thought about it"
itachi was born to the ninja's parents.
and i had no doubt that i would become a ninja myself.
I also believe that the power necessary to make the dream of erasing conflict in this world a reality can only be achieved by ninja.
that's why i couldn't think of any other way.
I see"
Izumi looked down sadly.
「I heard you went into the dark.」
Did you hear that"
「There's no one in the settlement I don't know.」
the dark part is a highly classified division.
the ninja i belonged to was also asked by the village not to reveal their identity as much as possible.
Itachi's position in the shadows has already spread throughout the settlement...
The strength of the clan's unity is clear, but is it really all right for information like this to leak out? What if the villagers overhear us saying something like a coup d'etat?
「Hey, Itachi-kun.」
izumi's voice brings itachi back to reality.
I'm scared"
About what"
「I feel like itachi-kun is getting farther and farther away...」
i suddenly felt a shock to my chest.
izumi's head is under your neck.
”I-Izumi...”
「I-I'm sorry, Itachi-kun. But let me stay like this a little longer.」
We couldn't do anything about itachi, so we waited for Izumi to calm down.
W-We're only 11 years old... And yet, itachi... Where are you going, Itachi"
I'm not going anywhere"
Probably......
the last word itachi took was to take the fall.
You must've been a little disappointed"
The fox-faced man said to the itachi standing by the plain door.
Standing on the other side of the door, opposite to itachi.
The man calmly repeated his words to itachi, who remained silent.
Just because it's a secret unit doesn't mean it's always a dangerous mission. Protecting the Hokage is an important mission.
I understand"
itachi answered indifferently.
His face is covered with the face of a fox, like a man's.
Whereas the man's mask is clawed, the hole where the weasel's eyes are cut is round.
The name of the man in the hanging mask is Kakashi HATAKE.
he's the captain of the dark division, and the direct superior of itachi.
He's only about twenty years old, but he's already been an elite member of the dark side of the village for eight years.
He's competent, and he's trusted by the Hokage"
itachi has known this man for a long time.
When Tenma died...
it was this scarecrow who came to save me.
If the scarecrow had shown up earlier, Tenma might not have died.
ninja only value reality and consequences.
The fact that Tenma's dead is irreversible. It's too late for that.
Itachi had no intention of thinking about what would happen if I said anything.
Have you learned the basic strategy of darkness"
the scarecrow asked me a safe question.
he's a good boss who cares about the feelings of his new recruits.
Murderer"
Those who speak ill of the scarecrow always speak of the scarecrow.
Itachi's asked me a few times since we got in the dark.
But those are all words of those who are older than the scarecrow and indulge in their subordinates.
it's nothing more than slander from jealousy.
Captain Scarecrow will kill his men for the sake of completing his mission"
The faces of those who cursed me were always hideous.
Even now, she's still worried about itachi, who hasn't been in the dark for a long time. She's trying her best to find a way to talk to us.
I've got it all figured out"
“Incredible.”
The tactical system peculiar to dark places was very interesting to Itachi, who had read through books on the use of ninja platoons.
fourman cell, threeman cell, twoman cell.
and at the end of the day, it's all about how you're going to be alone.
In all the situations that a ninja would encounter on a mission, it always contained combat tactics to explore the possibility of mission execution from an aggressive position.
From diversions to distractions to defensive formations to teamwork, everything was specialized in defeating and completing the mission.
Itachi's curiosity got the better of him, so he spent a whole night reading through the thick black book.
「I guess he's just referred to as one of the brightest ninja schools in the world.」
What are you talking about, the youngest graduate"
「When I graduated, I was in the middle of a world war and needed a shinobi for everything, so the situation was different from now on.」
speaking of which, the system of today's ninja school is different from when itachi graduated.
When itachi graduated, there were still signs of the Great War.
Because of that, if my ability was recognized, I would have skipped grades, and I graduated early.
However, now that peace has been restored, the Hokage's will to take good care of the Shinobi over many years meant that he could no longer graduate as quickly as he used to.
no matter how talented sasuke is, he can't become a ninja until he's 11 years old.
It's just in my head. I can't say I've learned anything until I've worked with my friends.
”You'll be fine.”
kakashi said it as if he'd seen it.
I don't sense any excessive anticipation, carelessness, or irresponsibility in that tone.
it was a very natural way of talking.
that's why it's so persuasive.
I hope you'll be proud of your dark side.
Thank you very much"
A trustworthy boss...
There was something about the man called Kakashi that made me think that.
No matter how many times I come here, I don't like this place...
In the heat of the shrine, itachi took a deep breath through her nose.
it's our family that fills the space around us.
it's a regular meeting.
there was also the figure of izumi who became a shinobi
as a young man, itachi is in the lower seat.
izumi, who was the same age as me, was sitting in the same row with a few others.
Perhaps she's under too much heat, because she can't move with her face down.
I'd like to talk to her, but in contrast to the enthusiasm, the shrine building was silent, and there was a silent pressure that wouldn't allow her to act rashly.
「Well then, shall we begin?」
My father, sitting in the front row, stood up and turned to face the others.
everyone is waiting for my father's words
The scene was like a religious forefather and a believer.
A leader who bears the grudges of his family...
that was the dark face of itachi's father, fugaku.
「My son, Itachi, has officially joined the underworld. He has already begun performing his duties as a member of the underworld.」
A quiet cheer resounded throughout the shrine.
With this, our family has a connection to the core of the village. From now on, we won't just receive it from the village. We'll also investigate.
it wasn't my father who did it.
「Itachi.」
my father called my son's name.
Itachi stood up without making a sound and waited for his words on the spot.
Have you noticed anything after joining the dark club"
It's a very vague question that confuses itachi.
The villagers are prejudiced against their families. They don't like it.
that's probably what my father wants.
In fact, my associates in the dark aren't welcome to join the Itachi Clan, and some of them are harassing us.
But I couldn't say for sure that it was just because I was a member of the family.
The youth of the eleventh-year-old itachi is one of the causes of their irritation.
It's true that the villagers are wary of the family and don't like it.
「That's right!」
Weasel spat out the words that came to Father's request, and a voice of agreement arose from within the seat.
But still...
As if to suppress careless onlookers, the itachi continued, adding weight to their voices.
「That doesn't mean I'm going to persecute them. I think they're just jealousy and jealousy.」
My father's right brow, which I had been listening to with my arms crossed, twitched and twitched.
Sometimes the jealousy and jealousy you speak of gathers and swells.
My brothers start murmuring as if they agree with my father's words.
As if to separate the voices in the crowd, the itachi strained her stomach and began to speak.
If you keep making negative predictions like that, everything will be reduced to negative phenomena!
A man stood in his way, as if to stand in front of his father, who glared at his son silently.
My father's confidant is Yashiro.
「Hey, itachi.」
Yashiro calls out to him, his eyes full of bloodlust.
itachi kept silent, staring at her father's confidant.
You're a big part of the village, aren't you? Whose side are you on, the village or your family? I don't think you've lost your judgement because you're cute enough to join the dark club.
You shouldn't put things in the frame of words...
What is it"
“Enemies... allies... When you distinguish things with words, you lose sight of your true feelings.
'll have to step into a place that doesn't need to be stepped on"
「We don't have time for incomprehensible questions. Which side are you on? Itachi!」
Yashiro's roar calms the shrine.
Isn't it obvious...?
glaring at my father's confidant, itachi continued.
I'm a member of the family.
Do you have a moment"
On my way home after the meeting, Sissy called out to me when I was walking away from my father.
The father, suspicious of his son who had stopped, turned around and saw his son's best friend.
“What's wrong, Sissy?”
”I wanted to talk to your son...”
when you look at sissy and itachi alternately
Don't be too late"
Saying that, she started walking down the street alone at night.
“Shut up...”
when we were alone, itachi called his friend's name.
「I understand how you feel so well it hurts.」
My best friend furrows his brows as he says that. He seems to be regretting it from the bottom of his heart.
「Yashiro's the head of the coup d'etat supporters. To him, everyone in the village is his enemy.」
Those reckless words from earlier still ring in my ears.
Turning away from the image of Yashiro in his mind, itachi lowers her head.
I'm starting to move just like you did in the dark.
What do you mean by that"
”We negotiated directly with Lord Hokage, and he gave us the authority to investigate the internal affairs of the clan on his own.”
i don't know what it means to investigate the inside of a family.
While itachi was perplexed by the words he couldn't understand immediately, Sisie spoke as if she knew that.
I left my normal duties to prevent my family from acting any more unsettlingly. My family's dissatisfaction would explode. In order to prevent that from happening, I made a promise to act on my own discretion and assumed the position of a member of the underworld. But that's just a pretext, and I'm under the direct control of Lord Hokage. That's why your father and the others don't know about my involvement, and there aren't many people on the inside know about it.
”Don't tell me you're Lord Hokage...”
Don't worry. I didn't say anything about the coup d'etat.
If the village knew about our clan's conspiracy, it was clear that we wouldn't be able to keep each other in check like we are now.
Itachi, you fight from the inside out, and I fight from the point of view of being a ninja under the direct control of Lord Hokage to stop the family from exploding.
「No matter what happens, I won't forget our promise.」
Sissy holds out her fist.
itachi also stuck out her fist as if to match
We have to stop the coup d'etat, no matter what.
At the sound of her hard-headed voice...
itachi nodded in agreement.
a vision i didn't want to believe unfolded in front of me.
There's a windowless room in the basement of a building that's been given to us by the dark, and it's packed full of monitors.
What was reflected in it were many familiar scenes for itachi.
「The Nine-Tails Incident... The higher-ups in the village doubted my family's involvement.」
while watching the monitor, itachi heard the scarecrow standing next to him talking.
The higher-ups weren't satisfied with keeping the settlement isolated at the edge of the village, so they began to monitor it 24 hours a day.
「So that's this room.」
That's right"
With countless buttons and levers in front of the monitor, my friends in the dark are operating the screen.
Even though I can't see their faces in their masks, I can see their relaxed expressions.
that's how much they're distracted.
that's understandable.
From my friends' point of view, it's a monotonous mission to just stare at the monitor.
I don't even care how serious that is for my family.
Were you able to see everything?
There's no need to check every little thing, but about this...
I know. I absolutely won't tell my family.
there's no way i can tell you.
Knowing that every inch of the settlement is being watched twenty-four hours a day will only make our fathers even more angry.
They're already making a fuss over the coup d'etat, so I'm just going to give them whatever they want.
itachi was sent to the dark by her father as a spy to investigate the inside of the village.
If you're going to serve that role faithfully, you should let your family know this fact at once.
The moment you give up talking about it, itachi abandons being a clan spy.
”I'm going to have you stay here and watch for the next day.”
「So you want me to keep an eye on my family?」
The man sitting in front of the monitor silently listening to the conversation between Kakashi and Itachi suddenly stands up.
「Regardless of whether you're friends or not, your mission is a mission. Your family has taken the Nine-Tails in. That's why you're being watched. Accept reality, newcomer.」
「Koh.」
the scarecrow called out the monkey's name as if to rebuke him.
Then another colleague sitting next to Kou turns his chair and faces the scarecrow.
a roundfaced cat face.
He was killed by the Nine-Tails. That's why we don't have a good impression of the family"
「Don't get personal feelings in the line of duty.」
When the scarecrow says that, Ko comes up to me with her head down.
I know. I'm sorry.
Bowing his head, he passes by the scarecrow.
「Well then, I'm counting on you, newbie.」
The cat's face follows Ko's dissatisfied expression.
“Oh, here it comes.”
kakashi said, looking at the door where they disappeared.
I'll leave it with him"
Standing in front of the door was Sugal, the ninja who was by Danzo's side.
it's already been four hours since the scarecrow left.
sugal doesn't say a word.
Itachi, who wasn't good at casual conversation, didn't find it hard to be silent"
Time passes as we stare at the monitor together.
it was a coincidence that i found it.
Even though it's a mission, our blood isn't frozen enough to keep a cool eye on our people's lives.
I switch security camera feeds as often as I can, and keep changing the screen in front of me.
I've managed to maintain my composure by watching the chain of events for a while.
As someone who's trained to memorize the scene at a glance, I'm proud to say that this is more than enough to carry out my duties.
Itachi felt something was wrong with one of the fragments, so she stopped.
View from the torii (shrine gate) of Minamigano-jinja Shrine
A stone-paved corridor extends straight from the stone torii to the main building.
The space right in the middle of the shrine and the shrine gate looked slightly warped to itachi"
it's just a matter of moments.
the scenery on the monitor had already regained its silence.
maybe sugal doesn't realize it's a little messed up.
If anyone else saw it, they'd think the camera was just blown by the wind.
But in Itachi, the current state of the scenery was familiar.
The scenery around the center of the stone pavement was swirling around a certain point.
It's as if the surrounding space is being sucked into that point.
The man in the mask...
The phenomenon behind the monitor was exactly the same as the one the man who attacked us during the fire country's guard duty used to escape.
“Why is that man...”
Muttering carelessly, Itachi regretted noticing Sugal's presence.
sugal's watching the monitor in front of him.
While regretting his own inexperience, itachi once again dived into a sea of thought.
When Tenma died, itachi saw the eyes of the man shining behind the mask clearly.
A black dot appears in the center of her crimson eyes, and three Magatama appear in the concentric circle.
it's true that that man's right eye was a sharingan.
Which means he's a member of the family.
more than three years have passed since that incident.
Even now and then, the scene of Tenma's death comes to mind.
Tenma died with his face covered in uncouth terror, as if he didn't know what had happened.
Itachi was shocked by the overwhelming difference in power between the masked man and herself.
Disappointed by my own powerlessness, I opened my eyes.
in other words, the masked man is the man who awakened itachi as a true ninja.
Enemy of a colleague, or a benefactor"
i felt a strange bond with the masked man.
over the last three years, itachi's been dreaming about his true identity countless times.
As far as reasoning goes, I thought we were a family, but today I'm convinced.
the blurry footage is because of the masked man.
And that man appeared at Minamigano Shrine.
And then, on the day Tenma died, there was the shining Sharingan behind the mask.
it all shows that we're part of a family.
Then who in the family could it be?
three years have passed since then, and itachi has interacted with all the men in the village.
No member of the clan has the ninjutsu to manipulate space like that man.
no one had the same voice or presence as that man.
And most of all, itachi himself had a hunch that he wasn't from the village.
then who is it?
my family has lived in the village since the foundation of konoha.
we don't even know that people other than the family have Sharingan.
Although there are some exceptions, such as Kakashi HATAKE, it is also a story in Konoha.
If the precious bloodline like those of Sharin-gan and Shira-gan leaks out of the village, it's the country's greatest concern.
there's no way there's no record of the village.
So far, there hasn't been any mention of the Sharingan being transferred to any other village.
With that in mind, we're naturally narrowing down our options.
The first option is the possibility that my family survived while they were thought to have died on the battlefield during the last war, and became the masked man.
During the war, when a member of the family died on the battlefield, it was decided that Sharin-gan was always brought back by other ninja.
So there's no way the body could've taken it.
In that case, it's more appropriate to assume that the person you thought was dead was still alive, and that they've set foot in the settlement with their Sharingan"
And the second option, it's possible, is the masked man who left our family before.
this is less likely than the first option.
Because ever since the foundation of the Konoha family, there has been only one ninja who left their family and left the village.
I'm Madara...
He was the man who founded the hidden leaf village with the Senju clan's Hashirama (the space between pillars).
It is said that he left the village and died fighting the hashirama in what is now known as the Valley of the End.
there's no way a dead man could be alive.
The second option, at that point, was to throw it away.
but itachi can't forget this second option.
At that time, the overwhelming chakra and presence of the masked man who actually felt his skin was stronger than any ninja we had ever met.
If such a ninja died during the Great War, it should be remembered in history.
However, there is no record of such a competent shinobi dying anywhere that describes the Great War.
In that case...
Itachi was more convinced that Madara was still alive.
「...Tachi.」
i heard someone's voice in the distance.
Itachi"
sugal's hard voice brings itachi back to reality.
「It's time for a solo shift.」
Yeah"
itachi answers vaguely.
Even as I was lost in thought, I kept pressing the button with my fingertips.
The monitor, which I hadn't seen at all while looking away, was twirling and changing its scenery.
Are you okay"
What are you talking about"
i answer sugal's question with a question.
「No... It's not like there's anything special going on.」
sugal didn't say another word.
It's been two months since we entered the shadows.
But, as usual, the monotonous days continue.
Our main duties are guarding the office of the Hokage and training with our comrades. We still haven't come on a mission that puts our lives at risk.
If there's too many assassinations and important missions to take care of, the village won't be at peace. The fact that we're free proves that we're at peace"
kakashi is laughing at you.
The village is at peace...
And yet, why does itachi think?
The village should be peaceful, so I wonder why my heart is so messed up.
i don't know why i'm in such a rush.
it's my family's fault.
Behind the peace of the village, our people desire war.
that's what disturbed itachi's mind.
the coup d'etat must be stopped, no matter what.
But I couldn't find a concrete plan.
Even if you say you're working with Sissy, even if you two stand side by side and spread your arms, the clan's urges can't be contained.
the fact that we can't find a way out of this impatiences itachi.
「Gyahahaha!」
A tear-splitting loud voice pierced through the ears of the weasel returning from her mission.
When we stopped in our tracks, there was a small park beyond Itachi's field of vision.
it's already late for evening.
The sun had already set to the west, and the surroundings were beginning to get dim.
The boy who laughed earlier, he's standing on the swing"
There were three figures running towards him.
perhaps he's a friend of his.
「You're no match for this Uzumaki Naruto-sama!」
the swing boy shouted.
the shadow doesn't turn to look at him and walks away, talking to each other.
Looking at the three friendly figures, the boy who called himself Naruto sat down on the swing sadly.
No matter how you look at it, those words are bluffing.
Itachi knew from the moment the boy introduced himself.
Uzumaki Naruto: No one in the village has ever heard of him.
The boy in front of me was involved in the Nine-Tails Incident, which terrified the villagers.
a child with nine tails in his body.
everyone's quiet when he's on the road.
there was only one person who didn't know he had the nine tails in him.
naruto himself.
They are sealed in their bodies without knowing the calamity of the village, and they live in fear.
Naruto doesn't understand why he's being bullied by people.
his parents are no longer in this world.
there's no one to give him a free love.
itachi just happened to be in the park.
I quietly walk towards the swinging swings.
i sat down next to naruto who looked down.
「Nuoh!」
Naruto was startled by the sudden appearance of the itachi, and almost fell off the swing.
Her limbs clattering more than necessary, she manages to stay on the swing, and then she glares at me suspiciously"
Don't scare me like that"
I'm sorry"
“Hey, who are you?”
Naruto stares at me with wide eyes.
Itachi swung her swings as she looked straight at me.
I don't care who I am.
Mom told me not to talk to strangers...
He's not here, is he"
Itachi said...
naruto smiled bashfully and put his right hand behind his head.
“Do you know after all?”
Uzumaki Naruto is a famous prankster"
「Am I that famous?」
In a way"
「Hehehehe...」
Naruto smiles happily, not understanding the sarcasm of itachi.
My friend ran away"
「People who don't understand my pranks aren't my friends.」
naruto's voice is awfully bright.
She seemed to be trying her best to be cheerful so that she wouldn't realize how lonely she was.
everyone knows naruto's true identity.
To the village, the Nine-Tails Vale still leaves a deep scar.
As long as they're suspected of manipulating the Nine-Tails, they can't escape the influence of this incident.
Itachi himself was slandered many times by this incident that he didn't remember.
There’s probably no one in this village who can interact with the boy who is the cause of it.
In other words, Naruto is the greatest victim of the Nine-Tails Vale.
itachi doesn't know how naruto sealed the nine tails.
But I don't think it's proper for a baby to be trapped in a mass of calamity.
Didn't you think about what kind of persecution would befall that child?
The details of the Nine-Tails Vale incident are confidential.
the truth was hidden in darkness, and only naruto remained.
naruto is part of the village's darkness.
this village is built at the expense of beings like naruto.
The higher-ups have sealed the disaster away with Naruto, and we've been persecuting the family to divert discontent from the public, and continue to move the village skillfully.
By intentionally creating darkness, it's as if she's hiding it herself...
And now, itachi was a part of the darkness of that village.
The darkness is the true darkness of the village"
「Brother!」
Hmm"
naruto's eyes were wide open.
Are you okay with suddenly being quiet"
I'm fine"
I'm glad to hear it"
Naruto looks up at me worriedly.
It's about time to go home"
”No one's home right now, so...”
naruto will make a show of bluffing and acting tough.
I'm going home, then.
「Eeeh!?」
naruto will exaggerate his surprise at itachi who stood up.
Do your best"
itachi thinks he said something that doesn't make him feel any better.
But it seemed that Naruto was happy, and rubbed his nose with his fingers while laughing.
And when I jump off the swing, I stand up straight and point my finger at itachi.
”My name is Naruto Uzumaki! I told you, I'm going to be a Hokage someday!”
”I see, the Hokage...”
there's a fire in itachi's chest.
Even though he carries the darkness of the village with him, this boy has not given up on his fate.
You don't hate the village, you don't hate people, and you believe in your dreams with honest eyes.
I hope I can"
I'll be sure to do it. Remember that until then, niichan"
Instead of answering with a smile, itachi turns her back to Naruto and starts walking.
the sky was filled with stars.
danzo called.
sit in a chair with a sour face.
Next to the master of the Ne is Suguru, who should be in the Rohan group.
「How's the darkness?」
「I don't know yet.」
That's an honest opinion. From now on, you'll have plenty of experiences you can't do unless you're in the dark. Keep up your training until then.
danzo speaks as if he were his boss.
However, itachi is a dark part under the direct control of the Hokage and has nothing to do with the root.
In terms of business relations, Danzo and Itachi had nothing to do with each other.
”The reason I called you here today is because...”
shut up and listen to danzo.
I've heard that the settlements in our family have been hard on outsiders lately.
It's true that in the past few months, the settlement has started to have an exclusive atmosphere.
It was as if the village itself had a will of its own when my father spoke of the coup d'etat.
You're attending the regular meetings too, aren't you?
danzo came straight to the point.
our family is being watched 24 hours a day by the dark.
it was quite natural for danzo to know about the meeting.
Yes"
Itachi answered honestly, knowing there was no point in hiding it.
Danzo nods in satisfaction.
I'll be frank. I'd like to report the details of the meeting to you.
A pressured voice that doesn't say yes or no beats itachi
“Our family will be destroyed at this rate. We need your help to stop it.”
Are you telling me to betray my family?
“Don't betray me. Save me.”
Danzo rested his elbows on his desk and placed his chin on his folded palms.
My left eye shoots itachi like a deep, dark cave.
Betrayal is an act that puts a dent in the lives of those who have been betrayed. The act of reporting the details of the meeting is to prevent the clan from exploding, and as a result, it benefits the clan. Therefore, it is not called treachery"
that's a clever rhetoric.
I'm sure you were trying to confuse me with logic, but weasels weren't fooled.
No matter what happens to your family, if you tell Danzo about the meeting, it'll be nothing but treachery.
danzo's mistaken.
achi wasn't obsessed with the wordtraitorous"
「Understood.」
”I knew you'd say that because you hate conflict more than anyone else.”
the root master answered in a voice that didn't express his feelings.
i hate to admit it, but danzo's right.
We haven't found a concrete plan to prevent a coup d'etat yet.
Danzo's offer at the time was irresistible.
we'll be able to get the help of the third hokage by sisie.
And itachi's decision could be the trigger to use Danzo's power.
By connecting with the core of the village, we should be able to prevent the clan from exploding.
I don't want to rob you of your family's dignity. I'll leave the choice of information to you.
Thank you very much"
「I'm counting on you, Itachi. The family's fate is in your hands.」
Danzo's voice came down on both shoulders.
Itachi's determination isn't so weak that he can't bear that weight.
he took a deep breath to the bottom of his stomach, as if he was aware of his own responsibility.
Somehow, I smelled blood...
So this is what it's like...
kakashi muttered next to itachi who was breathing quietly.
By that time, the Captain's face was no longer covered in a black mask.
i jumped off a cliff like i was chasing after her.
In the hollow we're headed for, we'll find our lad's corpse"
The enemy he killed was the Shinobi of a small country, Shimonokuni.
we were just about to form an alliance.
In order to form an alliance ten days later, during the mission to exchange letters stating the final conditions, the ninja in the Frost World had their fangs gritted.
the enemy never wanted an alliance to begin with.
for konoha shinin, there were about 10 of them.
we're outnumbered.
the konoha ninja who were entrusted with receiving the letter were killed in an instant.
As soon as you have confirmed the breakdown of the negotiation, carry out annihilation of the enemy.
that was the mission the weasels took on.
In other words, don't move until we know what's going on.
Because of that, we were delayed in the initial operation, and as a result, all our allies were destroyed.
The moment the Shinobi of the Frost World appeared with a large number of ten people, there were enough signs of a breakdown.
If the Dark Brotherhood had jumped out at that time, our people might not have died.
But even if itachi was in the position of a scarecrow, he wouldn't have been able to move until all four of them were dead.
the scarecrow in front will land in the enemy's midst.
his right hand had already penetrated one of his enemies.
Blue lightning envelops the captain's arm.
Chidori... Scarecrow's best skill.
By the time the captain pulled out his right arm, it landed right in the middle of the enemy's midst.
Two more Dark Brothers.
one is sugal.
and the other one is a young ninja named tenzo.
he's a little younger than a scarecrow.
but i've been in the dark for a long time.
The dark side of the leaf?"
The moment the enemy screams, a thick tree trunk coils around the man's neck and wrings him like a snake.
Unable to resist, the man's long tongue dangled from his lips and died.
tenzo's technique.
Tenzo was able to use the Mokuton Ninjutsu, which only the first Hokage and Hashirama could use.
”From the very beginning, Konoha had no intention of forming an alliance with us.”
another enemy told the scarecrow
「You're the one who started it first.」
Without waiting for a counterargument, Chidori will gouge the enemy's stomach.
Itachi heard a scream like a scream behind her back.
The enemy I see over my shoulder is facing me with his longsword in high stance.
i turned my body around.
the longsword is closing in on the top of my head.
he quickly raised his right arm.
grab the right wrist of the enemy who grips the hilt
“Kuh!”
Give up"
i'll tell you when i grab your wrist.
Unable to even swing his longsword, the enemy glares at itachi with cold sweat.
Sharingan
The enemy’s body trembled violently once and completely lost its power.
Like a puppet with its strings cut, the head of the enemy who's about to fall to the ground dances in midair in front of itachi.
ninja swords are shining behind the enemy.
sugal.
「Hokage-sama's karano mission is to exterminate the enemy.」
sugal whispers in a voice that only itachi can hear.
He read my mind, trying to make me faint by using the genjutsu of Sharingan.
there's no need to annihilate the enemy.
Whether the messenger returns or not, this incident will soon become known to the Frost Realm.
If it's payback, I'll just have to kill the four of them.
It would be more effective to let the others live and talk about the power of the Konoha region.
“I know.”
I tell Sugal behind me, who's already on the way to a new enemy, and he's got itachi on the next target.
four more to go.
he's already lost the will to fight.
Sugal's ninja sword flew the head of the man who was begging for his life by pulling out his hips.
A sharp branch created by the Tenzo Tree Escape Technique pierces the back of the female ninja who wants to run away.
”Now the Kingdom of Shimo and Konoha are enemies!”
”I'm sure your lives will prevent that.”
The arm of the scarecrow whispers softly and pierces the enemy's solar plexus.
Itachi"
tenzo's voice.
The Eye of Æon caught the enemy with a desperate look in their eyes.
The enemy who grasps the kunai with both hands and bites his teeth is not even ten years old.
the frost country is small.
Even though there's no major war left, in a country with so few shinobi and so little national strength, even a child like this should be enough for them.
“Taah!”
A cry of will is no longer a cry.
itachi accepted the boy into her arms.
a sharp pain runs through my stomach.
the boy's kunai was stabbed.
Her slender arms are still trembling, even when they touch itachi's stomach.
His fear had gone beyond its limit, and tears had flowed from the boy's eyes.
「Itachi!」
the scarecrow screams.
I'm fine"
The scarecrows watched us from afar as we answered calmly.
The boy's trembling face slowly lifted up.
Her tear-stained eyes catch on to itachi.
「Ah, aauuah......」
fear is leaking out as a voice.
「You're a full-fledged ninja. Get a hold of yourself.」
Talk to the enemy gently.
The boy is confused and frightened, and he doesn't understand.
I shook my head left and right, desperate to avert my eyes from reality.
「You came at me without running away. That's why, I'll do my best to treat you like a proper ninja......」
I grab the kunai behind my back so the boy can't see me.
I thrust my blade into the enemy’s thin neck as she continued to cry.
Pull the kunai out of my belly and step back.
a spray of blood rose from the boy's neck.
i won't take your blood.
It is also a hobby of a ninja.
A child's body tumbled to a pile of corpses, neither friend nor foe"
This is also a battlefield...
whispering in a voice no one can hear.
itachi asks in his mind.
(Am I really close to a dream?)
As it slowly flowed, it was buried, and it felt like her body was getting heavier and heavier. When she was young, she had longed to be a better ninja than anyone else, and the fences coiled around her body tried to set it up as a mere ninja.
I want to leave the village, my family, and the darkness behind, and be free...
I know it's unforgivable.
The boy's eyes, which had lost their luster, continued to stare at the agonizing itachi.
I want a list of potential participants, routes of attack, and targets for assassination. I also want to decide on the most important day for the next meeting. Get everyone's opinions together by then. If you have any ideas, feel free to let me know. Just be careful in the eyes of the villagers"
My brothers let their guard down for a moment after my father's words.
it's a flaccidity in anticipation of the end of the meeting.
But everyone's feelings were crushed by Yashiro's strained voice.
Is itachi here"
The voice that called out to him made it unpleasant inside.
Itachi"
An irritating voice lashes out at itachi, who doesn't answer.
I'm right here"
i've got a heavy hip.
Yashiro doesn't scold itachi's attitude. He just glares at him coldly.
”You were there the other day, weren't you?”
........."
Answer me"
「A dark division's mission is something that must not be told to outsiders.」
“Are you serious?”
There's a deep wrinkle between Yashiro's eyebrows.
Itachi didn't answer. She just stared at the narrow eyes in front of her.
「Why are you in the dark?」
........."
It's to get information from a place near the center of the village and pass it on to us.
「Yashiro.」
The father called out his own confidante's name, as if to rescue his silent son.
Yashiro doesn't answer my father. He keeps glaring at itachi.
What did you bring to us when you joined the underworld? We haven't heard the secret of the village from you yet.
I don't know, so I won't tell you"
Is that really all"
What do you mean by that"
the will to resist wavers in itachi's eyes.
Next to Yashiro stands a man with long hair.
we're in navi.
he is also my father's confidant.
I thought you were betraying us...
Stop it already"
my father screamed.
Yashiro and Inabi fall silent at my father's unusual display of demeanor.
I'm sure you all know what's going on with your family. There's no way you can do anything if you're fighting amongst yourselves.
........."
Yashiro sits there dissatisfied.
and so did inabi.
「Sit down, itachi.」
My father glares at me.
「Itachi...」
The father whispered to his son, who stood still.
he sounded like he was begging.
I'm sorry"
the pain in my chest naturally became words and spilled out.
My father is desperate to bring everyone together.
I don’t know why she’s so servile, and why she’s trying to settle the matter.
is the family structure that important?
to itachi, it looked like my father was at the mercy of youth's passion.
I don't understand......
Anyway, the next meeting will determine our path. It's an important meeting. I won't allow you to be absent, so keep that in mind.
The meeting ended in an unsettling atmosphere, and itachi left without making eye contact with anyone.
i didn't even see sissy and izumi.
Danzo looks down at Hilzen as he kisses the pipe's mouth.
The office of the Hokage
there's no one here but the two of us.
I've been in the dark for half a year now...
hilzen breathed smoke and said
What are you talking about"
”Don't play dumb. I'm talking about the man you care about.”
Hmph"
Every once in a while, Hiruzen would say something like this.
“I am faithful to my mission.”
I see"
“Didn't you come to talk about him?”
they've seen right through me.
It was unbearable for Danzo, who hated being looked into his heart more than anyone.
“It seems we have subordinates who are under our direct control, Hiruzen.”
Hilzen took a sip of his kiseru, as if he'd been stabbed where it hurt"
danzo doesn't care. he just keeps going.
It seems we've separated the sissy from its regular duties, giving them the authority to make their own decisions and make their own decisions. And even if it's nominal, I can't believe we're letting our men into the shadows again"
The sissy wanted me to be able to move freely. I've just laid the groundwork for that.
”Did the Hokage listen to a mere ninja's selfishness?”
「I was just taking into account the feelings of people who were worried about their families.」
The village won't be able to stand by listening to each and every one of their emotions like this.
I don't need you to tell me that!
hilzen screamed, showing his irritation.
“Stop being so roundabout and say it clearly. What are you doing here today, Danzo?”
I think it's about time I stopped teasing her...
Danzo chuckles in his heart and speaks of what he's been thinking for a long time.
Just as you have your own pawns, I want you to prepare one for me as well.
A pawn"
The moment I said that, Hiruzen made an obviously unpleasant face. Then, after he finished listening, he lifted the corner of his mouth slightly and looked at Danzo.
Are you telling me to give itachi to the root"
I never thought of that"
Don't play dumb"
“I am not playing dumb.”
Hiruzen squinted to gauge Danzo's true intentions.
the countless wrinkles running through the corners of your eyes get deeper.
“What are you thinking?”
「Would you like to promote itachi to Squad Leader?」
“He's only eleven.”
「Squad leader of the dark division must be thirteen years old or older... I suppose that's true.」
Hiruzen looks annoyed at Danzo, who smiles faintly.
The dark is the core of the village. The captain must be able to make the right decision. That is why he is only thirteen years old"
I'm well aware of that. Weasels already have that power"
That's not the issue here"
”Age is powerless in terms of skill.”
Hiruzen fell silent at Danzo's hard-line stance.
Is the code that important, Hiruzen? Our family's dissatisfaction is already intertwined. In order to break the current situation, we need someone who can effectively use their will at its core, and who has connections with you. A mere ninja in the dark can't escape from the squad leader's command. If we promote itachi to the squad leader, that means making him light of himself.
So you're saying he's not in the root, but in the middle of you and me"
“Exactly. There is no one in our family who can match in skill with itachi and sissy. If we draw those two in, it should be possible to prevent the family from exploding. As you have given the sissy privilege, itachi also needs some authority.”
「However, you are too young to be the Squad Leader at the age of 11.」
hilzen's lost.
One more push...
“How about a twelve-year-old?”
the third hokage won't answer.
As for the rules, I think we can handle them well enough by raising the official age of itachi by one year.
Let me think about it a little longer"
「Understood.」
danzo is sure.
i'm sure hilzen will agree.
How's school"
When I asked my brother, who was sitting on the bench, itachi quenched her thirst with cold juice.
It's much better to train with Nii-san like this.
He looked up at his brother and smiled as he gripped the water dripping can in both hands.
It's much more beneficial to train with a sissy"
When we first entered the ninja school, itachi said the same thing.
it's only now that i realize that brothers are similar.
The mission ended quickly, and I decided to train with Sasuke when he came home.
I don't normally spend much time with her, so I'm actively creating opportunities.
And now, spending time with Sasuke is the best way to heal itachi.
With my brother's help, I was able to get out of my day-to-day troubles.
how long has it been that way?
Lately, whenever I see Sissy, I just talk about the future of my family.
we've been training together for years.
Even if I talk to Izumi, I can't stay with her because I'm worried about the way she moves her mind.
I knew I was being overly considerate, but I couldn't help it.
In the end, only when I was training with my brother could I remain the way I am without thinking.
Is school boring"
That's not true, but...
Sasuke stares at the can and shuts his mouth.
i think i know what my brother's thinking.
Maybe your skills and way of thinking are too different for you to handle with your friends?
because it was itachi himself.
Because everything was better than people, my friends of my age looked like children to me.
The way we think and deal with things is so young that we can't talk about them with the same values.
I vaguely thought that maybe Sasuke was the same way.
Just like him, he had a clumsy, clumsy side to him.
「It's not like I'm thinking about doing it well. After all, they're absolutely no good at Ninjutsu and studying......」
「What about you, Naruto?」
Eh"
Sasuke's eyes went wide at the unexpected name popping out of his brother's mouth.
his eyes, looking up at itachi, are full of surprise.
itachi was surprised too.
i don't know why i said naruto's name.
It's just that I've been thinking about that blond-haired kid who's the same age as my brother.
She's no good at anything, no matter what I make her do. She's always trying to pick a fight with me, and she's a pain in the ass.
「What about you, Naruto?」
I don't really think anything of him, but he complains about every little thing.
If my brother's standing at school is no different from itachi's, then I think the other students are keeping him at a distance.
In exchange for respecting Sasuke's abilities, no one will truly become friends with him.
however, naruto said that he will attack sasuke
when it comes to the hokage, the image of a great story comes to mind.
A pitiful child who bears the Nine-Tails in his body, and who will not be looked down on by anyone.
but you believe in big dreams, and you don't doubt it.
His appearance, speech, everything seemed the complete opposite of his brother, Sasuke.
But... when I dream of them standing next to each other, it feels strange.
「If you're going to attack me, then that means I'm worried about you. Be nice to you.」
「I can't get along with that guy.」
I hope I'll be able to do it someday"
he put his hand on his brother's head.
It's absolutely impossible"
Sasuke closed his eyes, furrowed his nose, and bit his teeth.
Itachi couldn't help but laugh at that humorous expression.
my brother smiles and smiles.
The warm sunset passes by peacefully.
He closes his eyes with his arms folded, and opens his eyes when he hears the sound of a shoji sliding door opening.
it's my room.
While looking at the tokonoma (alcove in a traditional Japanese room where art or flowers are displayed) in the kamiza (the seat of honor) in my right hand, I was sitting cross-legged against the wall to the right of the room.
It was my son who opened the shoji facing the hallway and showed his face.
“What do you want, Father?”
My good son doesn't smooth his tone and doesn't even try to come into my room. He's cold these days.
Come in"
When Fugaku urged him, he finally crossed the threshold, as if he were reluctant"
He closed the paper sliding door behind him and sat upright in front of his father.
「Looks like you went to the park with Sasuke.」
Yes"
I made sure the two of them had returned covered in sweat, and called for them to take a bath.
my brother's at the table, talking to his mother.
「I have preparations for tomorrow's mission. Please make it brief.」
My son's face stiffens as he says that. He's clearly wary of his father.
that's understandable.
We haven't had a conversation lately, and the only chance they had to hear each other's voices was at the meeting.
You can't show your parents' faces in the public eye.
It's only natural for us to keep our distance from each other if we keep treating each other like that.
Don't be so formal"
he said it, and he smiled.
with the best smile i can give you.
Fugaku rarely smiles.
As captain of the police squad, as leader of the youth of my family, I don't think I should let my emotions show.
No, it's not...
Come to think of it, I haven't smiled much since I was a kid.
Come to think of it, when was the last time I saw my son smile?
i didn't remember that.
My son and I are alike... A strange joy wells up in my heart.
There was a difference between the pure joy of being a parent and the joy of being a child.
He was called the greatest genius in ninja school, and passed the Chunin examination alone. He was the first member of the family to become a member of the dark division.
he felt joy at the fact that he resembled the shinobi who had built up many legends.
It was a twisted feeling for a father to see his son as the object of his admiration.
And Fugaku herself is clearly aware of that feeling.
so at times, fugaku thinks he's a devious son.
I couldn't accept the fact that I was losing, not as a father, but as the same man.
That's why I can't help but take a nasty attitude toward itachi.
i think it's too stupid of a parent to do that.
However, her pride as a fugaku ninja can't be happy about itachi's success in life.
And a son like that was trying to get out of his hands...
「How's the dark club doing?」
Itachi watched him with vigilant eyes as he asked that question without breaking his smile.
If you practice what you've been doing every day since you graduated from ninja school, there's nothing wrong with it.
it's a very exemplary answer.
My son, who answered indifferently, seemed to be more concerned with the leader of the young men in his family than with his father.
「Yashiro and Invigorator aren't here.」
i tried my best to speak softly.
I'm your father, and you're my son. That's all I have in this room.
she's a smart girl.
Saying that, he seemed to have quickly understood my father's feelings.
But that doesn't change the way I act when I'm five or six years old.
that's a bit of a slack in the soul, a little less vigilance.
Even so, the look in his eyes is much calmer than before.
It's not that different from when we weren't in the dark.
Aren't you going to do some tough work"
“Indeed it is...”
and then my son fell silent.
I cast my eyes down for a moment, then looked straight at my father again.
As long as I'm a member of the underworld, I won't allow you to spoil me.
“That's my boy.”
I've always said that when I complimented my son, but at some point, it made me feel like I'd grown up. I tried to keep my talented child within my grasp.
My child"
that's what it feels like.
I've already made a habit of saying it. Words come before my mind when I want to compliment my son. So...
That's my boy"
After saying that, a small, sharp thorn pierced my chest. And today, Fugaku felt pain in his chest as well.
Speak as if to shake off the itchiness in the solar plexus.
Don't worry about what happened at the meeting.
Eh"
His words made my son's eyes look surprised.
He probably expected me to reprimand him for talking to Yashiro and the others at the meeting.
And as a result of that betrayal, itachi was surprised.
Not everyone in my family has the same idea. They don't intend to force us to think about it. I want you to be more of a man than a rock that stands in the way of the current.
“Father...”
You don't have to change your mind. If you don't agree with what Yashiro and the others have to say, then you should just say what you think out loud.
But that meeting has an atmosphere that won't allow that.
i let out a sigh of my own.
You're right. The young'uns have lost sight of themselves, lost in the heat of the moment. And even without those who don't sympathize, they're still trying to move on to what they believe is noble"
“Father...”
itachi's got her mouth shut.
What? Say it clearly"
Yes"
my son spoke as if he'd made up his mind.
“Father, do you have a different opinion from them?”
“No, Your Majesty.”
i swore it.
I feel the same way as they do. I'm just not young enough to get rid of all the different ideas.
i could feel my son's disappointment in my hands.
I see"
the stones are already rolling.
There's nothing we can do about it now.
no, i didn't mean to.
the revolt is the only possibility left in the family.
But... I didn't want to force my son to obey.
All you have to do is be pure. You must hesitate, hesitate, and find the answer. And when you find the answer, do not hesitate. You must find the answer, and stick to it. That is your decision"
”A decision...”
“That’s right. There aren’t many people in this world who make decisions on their own. Everyone lives by leaving decisions to others and averting their eyes from responsibility. Don’t live that way. Make your own decisions and keep moving forward.”
fugaku felt something hot in the back of his eyes.
I'm desperately trying to keep my heart aflutter, so that my son won't notice.
「Understood.」
One small breath, and itachi turned her hot gaze to my father.
I won't entrust my life's decision to anyone"
“That's my child.”
for the first time in a long time, fugaku said these words honestly.
there's no chest pain.
Hilzen's eyebrows trembled a bit. Danzo didn't miss it.
This is the official conference room of the Hokage residence, where the budget plan for the administration of the hidden leaf village is decided.
In addition to Hiruzen and Danzo, there were Koharu and Homura, Gokenban.
The basic policy will be decided at this meeting, and based on that, Hiruzen will adopt a formal budget with the responsibilities of the village administration"
About the budget for this police force...
Hilzen looked away from the documents in his hand and saw the other three.
what he's holding is a proposal from danzo and the others
There's a proposal for a large budget reduction. What do you mean by that, Koharu?
When she called my name, Koharu looked at Hiruzen, her eyes thin and wide"
It's already been seven years since the war ended. The peace in the village has calmed down quite a bit. On top of that, it's customary for the underworld to act on important and heinous crime investigations. The roles of the police force are limited at the moment. We don't need the budget we have until now, do we?
Still, isn't it a bit too sudden to suddenly cut 40%? At this rate, it'll affect the entire police force"
While glancing at Hiruzen's bitter face, Homura of the Mito-mon Gate opened his mouth.
「We've almost finished rebuilding after the attack on the Nine-Tails Vale, and it's urgent that we build new facilities and widen roads. The ninja school, which abolished the early graduation system, should be expanded soon. There shouldn't be enough money for organizations that are on the decline.」
I know that. I know that, but if you're using only the police force as your enemy...
“Make them dissatisfied, huh?”
Danzo spat out words. He waited for the right moment, and continued as if he were whining.
Well then, let me ask you something. Is there any other department in this village that has a tendency to have their duties cut down more conspicuously than the police force? The peace in the village, the expansion of the underworld's duties, and the cause of the reduction are clear. The police force can't do anything more than maintain public order. And even that is doubtful if they're being faithfully carried out because of their dissatisfaction with the village. I think it's a bit of a stretch to secure the current budget"
I'm not spoiling you. I'm protecting you.
Protect? Why do you need to protect those who don't have any problems when they're working?
It's because there are so few opportunities for them to be active because they're prejudiced against the family, like you!
Hilzen smashed his desk and stood up, and Homura and Koharu gazed at it calmly.
Danzo spoke to his old friend, the third-generation, without holding back his smile.
I'll protect them because they're prejudiced. Isn't that what separates them and discriminates them"
What did you say..."
Because we have a job as a police unit, and we have more than enough money from the village to guarantee it, our family refuses to contact outsiders, and we stealthily sneak around on our own. Because you're a police unit under the pretext of protection, wouldn't it be possible for them to grow dissatisfaction with their own family members"
The establishment and management of the police force is the will of the deceased second-generation lord.
“Don't you think that's an old-fashioned way of thinking?”
The war is over, and the wounds from the Nine-Tails Attack are starting to heal. I think it's time for a change. What do you think"
No objections"
Koharu gave her consent.
Homura nods silently, as if in agreement.
We've already laid the groundwork for the two of them. The three of us agreed on the cut in the police force's budget.
only hilzen is out of the picture.
「What if my family's dissatisfaction erupts?」
You're using your sister to prevent that from happening, aren't you?
danzo made a decisive move.
Hilzen's mouth's aching, he's in pain"
「Isn't that why you gave the young ninja, who were worried about their families, the authority to remove them from their normal duties, give them a nominal position, and allow them to make arbitrary decisions to a certain extent?」
Thirty percent"
hilzen spoke in a hoarse voice.
The choice of bitterness
that's what we're doing on schedule.
danzou doesn't think it's possible to cut 40 percent.
i expected a third of it to be reasonable.
If we cut the budget by over thirty percent, the police will have no choice but to oppose us"
”I salute your decision, Hokage.”
At Danzo's unnatural words, Hiruzen's face betrayed his disgust.
sissy called me to the usual cliff.
it's already midnight.
both the village and the settlement are asleep.
Even so, I'm still awake in the shadows guarding the settlement.
I remembered the corners of all the security cameras during my family's surveillance duties.
Taking advantage of the small gaps in the camera's angle, we've already devised a route that will allow the settlement to move freely.
i only taught sissy the dark surveillance and blind spot route.
shisui is the only reliable ninja.
i'll never tell anyone else.
Sissy must have gone through the blind spot route to the cliff.
there's no one who knows about the two visitors.
We left the settlement, got away from the security cameras, and itachi ran"
The moon shines near the center of the sky.
I ran under the twinkling stars, like I was about to fall, picking the darkness.
Suddenly, the forest broke, the cliff I was looking for appeared, and at the end of the rough rock there was a silhouette"
Standing with his back turned, it gazed at the flow of the great river beneath the cliff.
Itachi ran up to him and stopped behind him.
Sorry to keep you waiting"
“I just got here too.”
When he turned around, his face was clearly worn out.
There is a faint Kumamoto under her eyes, and her cheeks are slightly pink.
Her chin, sharper than it used to be, looks more like overwork than an adult's"
“You look quite tired.”
A lot happened"