Tomorrow, kohinata mukai will take a month off.
When shimura danzo was informed of this fact, itachi made up his mind to carry out the act.
The arrangements are made immediately, and while Itachi and I are accompanying him, the mission schedule for Shisui will change.
It was danzo's fault.
Tomorrow, Itachi will kill Shinobu, who lives in the same village...
I may be a traitor, but I'm still a comrade.
He's one of us in the village.
I'd be lying if I said I wouldn't hesitate to kill such a man.
But this was heavier and more important than any mission i'd ever experienced in itachi's shinobi life.
I can't say no.
Mukai continued to strongly sympathize with the fact that he was a traitor who continued to leak important secrets from the hidden village of Konoha, and somehow managed to come to terms with his guilt.
「I'm ready!」
A cheerful voice broke Itachi's will.
「I did as you said, and set up eight of them in total.」
My brother smiled as he said that.
Give her a smile
Morinonaka
Tomorrow's mission was decided, and Itachi had a rest.
Sasuke begged me to train with him.
Sasuke hid the target with the double circle drawn on it in the trees.
Itachi can't see a single thing spectacularly.
「Come on, Nii-san.」
Sasuke's voice jumps as if he can't hide his excitement.
Itachi nodded and held the kunai in both hands.
If you put one on each finger's crotch, it's exactly eight.
Eight iron claws fly out of my lightly clenched fist.
Put your face down and focus a little.
And then pour the chakra that's built up in the back of your stomach into your eyes.
The sharingan...
The breath of the trees suddenly becomes louder.
Amid the roaring pulsations of life, I see a small circular foreign object.
Yatsu
Itachi exhaled a small breath and lightly kicked the ground.
Turn your head and your legs in the air.
If you turn your body upside down, your center of gravity will stretch downward, and your posture will stabilize.
Stabilizing the position increases the accuracy of the kunai's control.
Close your eyes and imagine the eight targets in your brain.
There were two things I couldn't reach from this place.
The most troublesome part is that the target is tumbled around the back of the huge rock in front of us.
First, I threw four of my left hand in one go.
I accurately hit four targets in relatively easy places.
This time it's the two kunai I'm holding from my right thumb to my middle finger.
I'll get to the target safely, too.
There's two left.
Itachi's body is still in the air.
It hasn't even been a second since I jumped up.
Switch between the middle finger and ring finger to the left hand.
One kunai on each side.
Throw both arms at the same time
I purposely overlapped the two kunai's orbits.
The blades clashing in thin air make a sharp metallic sound and fly off in the wrong direction.
Landing.
The sharingan is glowing crimson.
Itachi slowly got to his feet and looked at his brother.
Sasuke, who had been hiding behind a tree to avoid danger, suddenly popped his head out.
Itachi's arm pierced the center of all the targets, and he looked dumbfounded.
She's staring at the rock in front of her with her mouth wide open.
There's the most troublesome target there.
Of course, I had beaten through that, too.
This is the target that changed its trajectory by crashing the last two.
「That's amazing, Nii-san! It's right in the middle of the blind spot behind the rock!!」
Sasuke jumped out from behind the tree.
There's a kunai in each hand.
When she saw her brother's arm, her heart averted, and she couldn't stand it anymore.
「Okay... I'll do it too!」
「...Sasuke, let's go home.」
Sasuke, who was so motivated and excited, suddenly stopped moving.
His face was full of dissatisfaction as he turned toward the brother.
「I told you I'd teach you a new shuriken technique!」
I made a promise, but I've fulfilled my end of the bargain by showing you in front of me.
「I have an important mission tomorrow, and I need to prepare for it.」
Mostly mentally prepared.
My brother looks away and pouted.
The cool eyes beneath her furrowed brows are twisted to the point where they look like they're about to burst into tears.
「.. Nii-san, you liar.」
I'm not angry that you didn't teach me shurikenjutsu.
I'm angry that my time with my brother has been interrupted.
If itachi can do it, he wants to train with sasuke to his heart's content.
But tomorrow's mission wasn't so easy as to allow it.
Itachi's the one who wants to cry...
She beckoned to her brother, who was looking at her brother with reproachful eyes, even though he was looking away.
My brother's clouded face clears with joy.
Sasuke rushes toward me, his happy footsteps echoing through the forest.
「Forgive me, Sasuke... Next time.」
As he said that, he pointed at Sasuke, and hit him in the forehead.
「Ouch!」
Sasuke closed his eyes and yelled softly.
She looked up at her brother, her mouth curled into a grin.
Sasuke is always up to something when he looks like this.
「Nii-san, watch!」
Sasuke crossed his hands and readied his kunai, smiling fearlessly.
「Toh-------!」
Before Itachi could stop him, Sasuke flew at the target.
「Hey! If you do anything rash...」
Before Itachi's eyes, Sasuke twisted his ankles and plunged headfirst into the ground.
On the way home
I'm walking through the village of konohagakure to the village with sasuke injured in the leg.
Time passes peacefully as I feel my brother's warmth on my back.
Sasuke's presence on his back created a small wave.
Itachi stopped and looked over his shoulder at his brother.
「What's wrong?」
「This is where Dad works, right?」
「It's the headquarters of the Konoha Metropolitan Police.」
Itachi answered his brother's question matter-of-factly as he looked up at the giant concrete building, which was built around a circle.
「I've been wondering for a while,
Why do we have a family crest on our mark?」
「Oh... So you noticed...」
「Of course it is!」
The corners of my mouth naturally smile at Sasuke's eloquent reply.
「Yeah... Well, to put it simply, it seems that we were the predecessors of the family that organized and founded this patrol unit. That's why we put our family crest on the symbol of this organization. We've been keeping the village safe for a long time. Our family crest is also proof of that proud family.」
Itachi spoke while trying to fulfill his brother's desire to know something, avoiding as many difficult words as possible.
He listens to his brother's words in silence.
「Our family's gotten smaller now, but even now, almost everyone's still in the 1st Division, contributing to the security of the village.」
There are exceptions like Shisui.
In the case of Shisui, I heard there was a request from the ninjas of the village who thought highly of his excellence.
If you join the police force, you won't be able to interact with the outside shinobi much, and we'll be completely integrated into the clan's framework.
Because of the begging of the ninjas in the village who were afraid of that, shisui was on duty at the scene.
But itachi thought it wasn't something he should explain to sasuke, so he cut it off in his mind.
「The only ones who can crack down on Shinobu's crimes are the even better ones, after all.」
And... Only an even better Shinobu can put an end to the conflict that Shinobu creates.
「You're going in here too, Nii-san?」
My brother's innocent question stabs Itachi in the heart.
I can't get in...
The real answer was deep in my throat.
「I don't know... I wonder...」
I can't tell my brother that I'm joining the dark side for the sake of a family that's unhappy with the village.
Itachi had no choice but to stammer.
「That's what you should do!」
My brother, who didn't know anything about the dark circumstances of adulthood, shouted in a carefree voice.
That sparkly purity makes Itachi's chest tighten.
「When I grow up... I'll join the police!」
We're brothers, we're with the police, and we do our part.
It's like a dream.
But that day will never come...
Itachi is going to the dark side.
Even if I was in an environment where I could be in the police, I wasn't going to take that lightly.
I have a dream to end the conflict in this world.
In order to realize my dream, the Inspector Corps was too small.
「My dad's coming to the entrance ceremony tomorrow. It's the first step in my dream.」
My brother's dream is to work as a shinobi in the police force with my brother......
I was happy, but...
That dream won't come true.
「...You're right.」
Itachi could only give a vague answer.
When I arrived at the gate that led to the village and our village, I suddenly sensed a presence near the wall.
「You're late... What were you doing? I need to talk to you now.」
My father was looking at itachi with his arms crossed.
「Let's hurry home.」
「Yes.」
Nodding at Itachi's answer, my father starts walking in front of me.
Itachi followed the unhesitating, straight path to the house, and moved his heavy legs, still carrying his brother.
When did it become so troublesome to face my father?
I know the answer.
But itachi didn't want to acknowledge that answer.
My father's room
Sitting side by side in front of Itachi and Sasuke is my father, arms crossed.
「I hear it's tomorrow.」
My father cut it out of nowhere.
Itachi remains silent and feels his heart pound harder.
I knew what my father meant.
He's referring to tomorrow's assassination of Mukai.
That's what makes my heart beat faster.
How much does my father know?
And who did you ask about the mission?
There is a vague answer to the latter question.
Only those close to danzo can ask that.
Why did danzo leak information about the mission to my father?
Suspicion calls doubt to mind, tearing Itachi's heart apart.
「Hehe...... That's my child...... I came here only half a year after I was promoted to chunin.」
Itachi looks at his father silently.
Sasuke gave his brother a worried look.
「About tomorrow's special mission... I decided to tag along.」
My chest throbbed the most violently this day.
But the shaking of my brother's heart next to me was many times more intense.
My father is so occupied with his family that he forgets how important tomorrow is to his brother.
It makes me angry at my father.
「If you succeed in this mission, Itachi... you'll almost be joining the undercover club.」
The father's eyes turn crimson as he stares at his son, who remains silent.
「You know what to do...」
Only one person was allowed to accompany the assassination of Mukai.
I've already told Danzo that Shisui is coming with us.
If I don't know that fact, it means my father doesn't even know the details of the mission.
Someone must have informed her of the date of the mission.
Even though I hate the village, I'm at the mercy of the information I received from the village.
I couldn't help but feel sorry for my father.
A mission that requires the resolve to die.
There was no one but Shisui to go with him.
I will not allow my father's intervention.
「You don't have to worry so much. More importantly...」
I saw sasuke.
You want to cry out loud right now, but your brilliant brother is suppressing his own emotions as he laughs.
“It's all right, Nii-san...”
I could hear my brother's voice.
Itachi smiles and puts words into his eyes.
“Say it... Tomorrow's an important day for you, isn't it?”
I give her a hard stare and push her back.
「Dad... Tomorrow's my...」
「Tomorrow's mission will be an important one for our clan as well!」
My brother's courage was shattered by the hard words of his father, who only cared about his family.
Sasuke then lowered his face with a frozen expression, desperately trying to hold back his tears.
My anger towards my father is beyond my limits.
Is your family that important to you?
You don't care about your brother?
The only thing in his eyes is the future of his family.
I don't think anything of my son trying to go on a mission to the death.
Not to mention, I don't even care about my brother.
How can we defeat the village of Konohagakure with such a narrow understanding?
I hate everything.
「I guess I'll stop tomorrow's mission.」
「?! What are you talking about?! You should know how important tomorrow is! What the hell are you saying?!」
「Tomorrow, I'll come with you to Sasuke's ninja school entrance ceremony.」
My father breathed a little.
At that time, for the first time, my father remembered his son's plans for tomorrow.
That just pisses me off even more...
I was so sad.
「It's customary for relatives to attend the ninja school entrance ceremony. Didn't we get a notice......Father?」
I'm serious about abandoning my mission.
From the bottom of my heart, I'm not lying.
My father seemed to understand Itachi's true feelings.
After a moment of silence, Father let out a small sigh of exasperation.
「......all right......I'll go to the ninja school.」
He stood up and walked over to the table where my mother was waiting.
Itachi and sasuke will leave the room and follow you.
In the garden, the shishi gives off a dry sound.
Itachi knew that if he said it like that, he would definitely attend Sasuke's entrance ceremony.
My son's dark club is the first step towards achieving his family's long-cherished wish.
I can't swing it at sasuke's entrance ceremony.
I couldn't let my father accompany me on my mission, so I was seriously planning on attending sasuke's entrance ceremony.
I'm not lying about being disgusted with everything, or about wanting to go to a ninja school.
However, I hadn't given up on completing the mission with Shisui.
Being in the dark is not a stepping stone to accomplishing the family's long-cherished wish.
It's a small step towards achieving Itachi's dream of becoming the best shinobi in the world in order to end all conflict.
I didn't want to give up.
That's why I used my brother...
I'm so disappointed in myself.
Sasuke, who felt responsible for his brother and father's grim mood, quietly followed Itachi's lead.
Itachi looked over his shoulder at his brother and opened his mouth to hide his guilt.
「Keep your left leg... cold.」
Isn't her smile twitching as she says that?
「Yeah...」
My brother answers with a complicated expression.
Itachi couldn't find the words to say to Sasuke.
「It's not an exaggeration to say that I'm living for this guy.」
As Itachi gasped for air, Kohinata Mukai exhaled a puff of cigarette smoke into the sky.
There's a silver bottle full of alcohol in the hand that doesn't have a cigarette.
The three of them glared at each other, and there were more than ten hidden ninjas lying around.
He's already passed out.
Itachi and shisui defeated them all by themselves.
「Surrender quietly, Kohinata Mukai. Master Hokage is quite tolerant of those who turn themselves in. He will not kill you.」
Shisui, standing next to itachi, said
The three-way sharingan was already visible in her eyes.
Mukai smiles sarcastically as he looks down so as not to see it.
「You're a bit of a well-known ninja when it comes to quick-witted shii. Even so, if you only walk in places where the sun shines, can you only feel that much? Or......」
Mukai suddenly stops talking and tilts the silver bottle.
「You mean you're still just a kid?」
He opens his right eye wide and grins.
That condescending attitude makes a crease in Shisui's brow.
「You know what I did, right? In that case, you should at least know if you can forgive me for turning yourself in.」
I flick my thumb and drop the ashes.
「It's an honor to have the two geniuses of the Uchiha family as assassins.」
I took a cigarette out of my pocket and threw it into the portable ashtray.
I put the lid on the silver bottle and put it in my vest pocket.
「It's not safe like this.」
Mukai's muttering chakra increased rapidly.
The shadow clones have returned.
At the same time as the chakra increased, itachi dispelled the shadow clone of himself that was monitoring konoha hospital.
「I bet my son's angry now that he knows the old man we were talking about was a shadow clone.」
Mukai scratches his head and glares at the two in front of him.
「I need to hurry home and make excuses.」
He lowers his hips and raises both hands to chest height, showing a stance unique to his fists.
「Why would a shinobi of your caliber become a spy?」
「There's a lot going on when you're an old man. And you can't know what's going on until you get older. So even if I tell you guys now, you won't understand half of it.」
「If you die, what will happen to your sick son?」
「That's why I can't die in a place like this, even if it means killing you guys.」
Countless lines run around Mukai's left eye.
「The Byakugan!」
By the time Itachi yelled, Shisui had already flown backward and put some distance between them.
「I can't go easy on you, so please forgive me.」
As Itachi stood still, he heard Mukai's voice in his ear.
The distance between us instantly closes.
The right and left palms attack Itachi's throat and solar plexus simultaneously at incredible speed.
When I stabbed my hand into her stomach, I bent my index and middle fingers inside her body
「Heh!」
Mukai's hand, full of spirit, pulls out Itachi's intestines.
In an instant...
As Itachi stood there, his stomach torn apart, he was transformed into a huge number of crows.
He didn't even try to avoid the beak attacking him. Instead, he survived without a care in the world.
Shisui sneaks up behind them.
「Fire Escape: Fireball Arts」
Shisui quickly makes a mark, and a ball of fire spits out from his mouth, strong enough to devour the mukai.
Mukai faced the fireball with his right hand still in front of his face.
Direct hit
No, no, no.
The ball of fire split in two in front of Mukai.
It didn't look like he'd done something.
But that doesn't mean I have a special aura about me.
Itachi saw the ball of fire in front of Mukai's eyes as if it had been broken by itself.
「Controlling a fist that cuts off an enemy's chakra means knowing the flow. The technique is a mass of chakras. If you can read the flow, it's not that hard to break.」
Mukai cheerfully lectured Shisui and ran.
Shisui's face clouded over.
Even though Shisui himself has more physical skills than the average person, his opponent is a user of soft fists.
It's not on the level of taijutsu.
I couldn't help but feel gloomy.
Itachi can see all of this from afar.
About three hours north of the village of konohagakure
The three of them are fighting in a small basin surrounded by a small mountain.
There were plenty of places where a single person could hide in a rocky mountain where not a single plant could grow.
Itachi is hiding behind a reasonable rock, watching over their battle.
Only shadow clones were facing off against Mukai.
Itachi never left this place in the first place.
The opponent is a wielder of soft fists.
It's too difficult to finish him off in close combat.
The match is decided by a blow from a distance.
The sharingan is a pupil technique.
Put chakra in your eyes and infuse your opponent with magic
In other words, if you're close enough for your own eyes to see, you'll be able to set the enemy off.
The crossing of gazes is not something that happens only in the conscious mind.
Thinking it's a casual view, the enemy looks around.
As long as the visual axis matches the caster's vision perfectly, they can create a situation where their gazes cross without them even realizing it.
Itachi waited for that moment.
And for that reason, Shisui is fighting a dangerous close-quarters battle while trying to match Mukai's posture to Itachi's.
Once the sharingan's pupil jutsu was activated, the rest should be manageable.
As long as you create a small tear in Mukai's heart, you can use it as a clue to gradually erode his pupils.
The problem is the first blow.
Not only are you experienced, but you can also feel the flow of chakra through your vision.
Mukai, the wielder of the Byakugan, knew exactly what the sharingan looked like.
The plan was to destroy it.
Shisui dodges Mukai's left thrust by the skin of his teeth and bends his body backwards.
As if this were a good opportunity, he closes the distance between us.
Shisui flinched and flew backward
At that moment, Mukai's face turned towards the shadow of the boulder where Itachi was hiding.
But there's still a cross-section of their vision.
Mukai averts his eyes from Shisui's landing and suddenly looks away.
I activated the sharingan.
Shisui's sharingan is a diversion.
The place where Mukai averted his gaze was behind the rock Itachi was hiding in.
Itachi's eyes, focused on the enemy, and Mukai's gaze, which unconsciously captured the scenery, intersected...
It was supposed to be.
Just a hair's breadth away, the Mukai suddenly kicked off the ground and flew.
That's one hell of a jump.
When he lands, he kicks off another rock and jumps.
They found out where we are.
For a moment there, Mukai used his Byakugan ability to notice Itachi's existence.
At that time, he probably also knew that he was activating the sharingan.
Is it to confirm your own intuition, or is it to drag Itachi into battle?
Anyway, Mukai jumps straight to the rock where Itachi is hiding.
Itachi wouldn't miss seeing Shisui laughing behind him.
Shisui's gone.
The next to appear in front of mukai's eyes
「Tch!」
Clicking his tongue, Mukai was knocked down by a steep rock face.
Shisui's kick explodes in his face.
My skull's broken.
Thinking that, Itachi saw a broken log.
「A shadow clone!?」
「That's right...」
As Itachi yelled quietly, he heard Mukai's voice behind him.
Soft fist position
「Two palms of eight trigrams.」
The palms of the left and right palms that continue to hit the stomach
「The Four Palms of the Eightfold」
I don't even have time to breathe. Four shots this time.
「Eight trigrams.」
As if sneering at Itachi's thoughts as he searched for a way to counterattack, Mukai's barrage of attacks mercilessly assaulted him.
「Uooooohhhh!」
I heard a heartrending voice from the right side of the mukai.
Byakugan blind spot.
At the edge of Itachi's hazy vision, the form of Shisui's flying kick wavered.
「Shisui...」
The only reason I had time to mutter is because Mukai took a defensive stance.
No, no, no.
It's easy with the word defense.
Mukai dodges the flying kick just by tilting his head, grabs Shisui's neck with his outstretched left hand, and raises it high.
Mukai supported the young man's body with only one arm.
Shisui struggles desperately after being strangled.
But the five fingers that sink into my throat don't peel off easily.
「Training is what you do to overcome your weaknesses.
Covering my blind spot with taijutsu, which only appeared on one side, was the first step in my training. Don't underestimate Pops too much, kids.」
「Kohinata Mukai...」
Itachi unconsciously called out the name of the powerful enemy before him.
Before I know it, I'm stepping forward.
「What? You want me to kill you?」
It was a situation where it wouldn't be strange if it was taken that way.
What kind of counterattack would Itachi have left if he was shot with a fist and forced to cut off the flow of chakra in his body?
Moving forward without a plan is an act I can't complain about, even if it's considered barbaric.
But my feet won't stop moving forward.
I don't remember ordering you to do that, but you're going to have to be honest with yourself.
「In that case, I'll make it as easy as you want.」
「Guuuh!」
Mukai tightened his grip on Shisui's neck
I'm going to crush your throat like this.
「Stop it!」
The sharingan glittered in itachi's eyes.
「There's no way such an obvious genjutsu would work on me.」
Mukai turned away from itachi.
In front of me... is the face of my best friend.
「Kaleidoscope sharingan...」
That's what Shisui whispered.
His friend's crimson eyes were unlike any other sharingan Itachi had ever seen.
The sharingan is a small dot at the center of the eye, and a magatama-shaped dot appears in Tomoe's condition on the circle that can be called the outer circle.
The power may vary depending on the number of magatama, but this form itself was common to the family.
But that's not the case for shisui.
The three-way magatama has grown enormous and connected, and the small sunspot at the center of its eyes has disappeared, forming a crimson cavity.
If the ratio of red to black in a normal sharingan was about eight to two, then the current ratio of Shisui's eyes would be on par with five to five.
Shisui's and Mukai's gazes probably met for less than a thousandth of a second.
It's just a matter of whether or not a normal sharingan can capture it.
Shisui will not miss that moment.
There was no doubt that Mukai had fallen into a genjutsu...
「I'm pissed!」
Shisui, who had been released from his restraints, screamed in a stupor.
In front of him is Mukai, blood spraying from his stomach as he collapses.
Itachi is standing there, watching it.
I cut myself in the stomach.
The moment Shisui activated the sharingan, Mukai's body stiffened slightly. He took a kunai out of his breast pocket and suddenly tore his own stomach into a single letter.
「Get a hold of yourself, Mukai!」
Shisui crouches down and yells while holding Mukai's head.
「It's a spy from another village...... If your brain interferes with it, you'll have to use a spell to end your own life. You won't be saved anymore.」
Blood gushes out of Mukai's coughing mouth.
「Th-That's the first time I've ever seen someone use pupils at that time of day... What the hell is going on?」
Shisui won't answer.
「So this is my secret art...」
Concerned for Shisui's silence, Itachi called out to Mukai.
「Is there anything you want to say?」
「I-It's come to this, but......I-I made up my mind on my own......My wife and brat have nothing to do with it......」
「Are you saying betrayal is a crime of your own?」
「It's a good story, but...」
My trembling hands are looking for something in my breast pocket.
Itachi pushed Mukai's fingers away and pulled out what he was looking for.
Pick a cigarette out of the box and hold it out to Mukai's mouth
「B-Burn the fire...」
This time, Shisui took the lighter out of his pocket and lit the tip of the cigarette.
He took a deep breath with a cigarette in his mouth and poured it all the way down to the bottom of his lungs, whereupon he exhaled smoke as if tasting it.
「This is how shinobi died...... I'll be waiting over there first......」
His hand, still holding the cigarette between his fingers, dropped with a thud, and Mukai stopped moving.
「It's over.」
Shisui's voice trembled with exhaustion.
Itachi nodded silently and answered.
「About the sharingan...」
「Could you keep quiet about this to the villagers?」
Shisui mutters while staring at Mukai's face.
「Yeah.」
「Kaleidoscope sharingan...」
Once again, Shisui's eyes reflected that deformed sharingan pattern.
「When the time comes, I'll tell you everything.」
Itachi felt irresistible charm from the unknown power hidden within him.
「The Ro-Team...」
Itachi stared straight at Danzo, who was muttering to himself as he looked down at the documents.
It's Danzo's room in the mansion given to him by Root.
Sitting in front of an ebony desk, he rested his left elbow on an armrest and held a document in his right hand, not looking at Itachi at all.
「Captain, you're a scarecrow.」
「Yes.」
Itachi answered concisely.
I've been wondering about the man standing next to Danzo for a while now.
He's the one with the white tiger mask.
It's not like there's a clear reason why.
It's just that I'm curious about the guy.
The eyes on the other side of the round hole in the white surface have been staring at Itachi as if trying to sleep.
For some reason, that gloomy gaze makes my heart ache.
「That man is excellent.」
Danzo told me to be sure.
Kakashi Hatake...
Not long after Itachi became a shinobi, he saved me.
On a mission to protect the daimyo of the land of fire, he was attacked by an unknown man and Tenma from the same group was killed.
Itachi, who hadn't opened the sharingan yet, was prepared to die from the overwhelming difference in power.
But the man muttered Kakashi's name and disappeared.
I still don't know why the man disappeared back then.
But the man muttered the scarecrow's name and disappeared.
I don't know if it's because I'm afraid of his power or because there's some other reason.
「That man has darkness. That is the most important factor for the dark side.」
Darkness...
Do you have it?
Itachi asks himself
「Don't worry. You have plenty of darkness.」
Danzo spoke as if he could see right through him.
Itachi, who's already interacted with her many times, isn't that surprised.
As long as you excel at discerning the other person's state of mind, it's possible for you to preemptively state your thoughts with a certain amount of conjecture.
Danzo's just using that technology.
「I've prepared a transfer celebration.」
With that, Danzo threw the documents on his desk and stood up.
I put the ebony chair under the same desk, stood next to the tiger mask, and looked at Itachi.
And when she put her hand on the man's shoulder, she smiled cheerfully for once.
「I've decided to lend this man to the Ro-Team.」
Danzo's roots are a part of the darkness, but the darkness under the direct control of the third Hokage is completely disconnected from the chain of command and leadership.
Because of that, Itachi heard that there was no need for them to exchange information or personnel frequently in the dark.
「Don't worry. I have Hiruzen's permission, of course.」
Danzo spat out another line that seemed to see right through my heart.
No matter how many times I hear Itachi say that, I can't bring myself to like him.
「It's my first time. My name is Sugaruto.」
The tiger mask suddenly spoke.
There's a dry, rustling sound in the corner of my voice, as if something's stuck in my throat, and it's hard to hear.
「Sugaru had a serious illness in his throat when he was young, and ever since then, he hasn't been able to speak well.」
「I need to talk to you, but I don't know what you're talking about.」
There was something wrong with his voice, but his tone was light.
Looks like he's a good-natured guy.
「You can use this man as your limb.」
「Your arms and legs?」
「Okay.」
Sugal answered Itachi when he asked Danzo.
「I'm like, a 'root' person. Danzo-sama's orders are absolute nano-nano. I'll give orders to Itachi-san's arms and legs, but I'm younger than him, so I am prepared to give you my life.」
Suguru says sarcasm like it's nothing.
Itachi stares at Danzo without even smiling.
「I can live in the dark by myself.」
「Don't take it too seriously. At the end of the day, Sugal was lent to the Ro-Team from the bottom of his heart. Even the captain's scarecrow doesn't know the causality between you and him. As long as you don't think about him, that's fine. But Sugal will always protect you. 」
「My safety? Are you saying I'm being targeted by someone?」
「This is my first time in the dark, and I'm only 11 years old. It's a good enough title to earn my envy and envy.」
It's true that I was baptized by my friends on the way to the training grounds when I met with the gang.
It's not a direct hit, but kunai rained down endlessly from thin air.
It's a silent pressure, like it's obstructing the way to the training grounds.
Itachi didn't dodge or defend, and walked through it indifferently.
Kakashi admonished him for noticing the actions of his comrades, but there wasn't a single person who truly regretted their actions.
「I'm buying you. I don't want my friends' jealousy to make you die young.」
「No matter who attacks me...」
「Don't underestimate the shinobi of the dark club.」
Danzo will cut Itachi off.
「The closer you get to the center of the village, the more people who don't like us. It wouldn't be strange for some people to try to kill you while you're on a mission. What do you think of our family if you die?」
「Don't tell me...」
「I'm saying it's entirely possible.」
Danzo nodded as if to confirm Itachi's thoughts.
Itachi will die during the mission.
Dad suspects it's a conspiracy by the villagers.
Itachi's death will be a great detonator for those who are unhappy with their family's position.
Itachi felt a shiver run down his spine at the thought that his death might trigger the coup d'etat.
「You are already in a position of great responsibility to both the village and our clan.」
As I leave Suguru and walk around the desk to stand in front of Itachi, Danzo gently touches my shoulder.
「You must become a bridge between the village and the clan, Itachi. Please live a long life.」
Danzo said the same thing to my father.
Konohagakure Village and our family...
Is that a parallel existence?
I'm sure some of the people who live in konohagakure have families.
In that case, isn't the relationship between the two of them unnatural? Why doesn't Konoha have complete control of the family?
Why are my people so dissatisfied with the village when they're allowed autonomy?
A being that connects the two.
If you ask him, pipe.
Danzo says it's a bridge.
They're both the same.
「I will protect your life. Don't worry and carry out your duties as a member of the dark side. I am Itachi.」
Danzo sounded satisfied.
Itachi returns a small bow and leaves the room immediately.
「It's been a while...」
Izumi said that with her head down.
Itachi is in a small park in the tribe's settlement.
The dark club transfer was completed without incident, and the evening report to Danzo was completed.
When I stood at the entrance to the village, I met Izumi on her way back from her mission.
Neither of them invited the other, and the two of them naturally turned their backs to the park.
Izumi is alone on the swing, and Itachi is sitting on the bench behind her.
「I'm sorry about that time.」
「Back then?」
When Itachi asked,
Izumi looks over her shoulder at me as she continues to swing her swing.
「Look, at the tea shop in the village...」
I remember now.
Izumi is apologizing for getting angry and jumping out of the store.
Come to think of it, we haven't talked alone since then.
There's been so much going on since then, and to be honest, Itachi didn't have the time to think about Izumi.
That's why I've completely forgotten what happened at the teahouse until now.
In the first place, even if he apologized now, Itachi wasn't angry at all at the time, so it's not even a matter of forgiving him.
「I should be the one apologizing.」
「Why are you apologizing, Itachi-kun?」
「I didn't think Izumi would be so troubled.」
「Heheh...」
Izumi turns around and starts pedaling the swing.
「What is it?」
「It's just like you, Itachi-kun.」
Izumi speaks cheerfully, as if she's in a better mood.
Itachi couldn't keep up with this sudden change of heart.
At this rate, Itachi's going to change the subject because he thinks he's still upset.
「How's the mission going?」
「It's nothing compared to Itachi-kun.」
Saying that, Izumi kicked the swing and flew into the air.
Just like that, you spin forward and land neatly.
Izumi turns around with her slender hands spread out to either side.
「The daimyo's wife took care of their pets, and helped move the government office in the Land of Fire. It's pretty convenient.」
「I see...」
Itachi's lips naturally smiled.
I'm relieved to hear that Izumi hasn't experienced any dangerous missions.
I purposely tried not to look at the answer to the question of why I was relieved.
Itachi thinks he's still a shinobi.
That's why I didn't have the time to think seriously about Izumi.
I want to walk the same path as the person I love... Is that something I shouldn't be thinking about?
I think I know how you feel when you say that and leave.
But I can't respond.
「Hey, Itachi-kun.」
「What is it?」
「If... If you hadn't become a shinobi, what would Itachi-kun have done?」
「I've never even thought about it.」
Itachi was born to shinobi's parents.
And I didn't have any questions about becoming a shinobi myself.
I also think that only a shinobi can have the power necessary to realize the dream of eliminating conflict in this world.
That's why I couldn't think of a path other than shinobi.
「I see...」
Izumi looks down sadly.
「I heard you joined the dark club.」
「Did you hear that?」
「There's no one in the settlement I don't know.」
The dark side is a highly secretive department.
Even Shinobu, who belonged to the clan, was asked by the village not to reveal her identity as much as possible.
Itachi's position as the undercover division has already spread throughout the settlement...
I guess you could say it's the strength of the clan's unity, but is it really all right for all this information to be leaked? What if the villagers hear us talking about a coup d'etat so easily?
「Hey, Itachi-kun.」
Izumi's voice brings itachi back to reality.
「I'm scared.」
「For what?」
「I felt like Itachi was going to get farther and farther away...」
Suddenly, I felt a shock in my chest.
Izumi's head is under his neck.
「I-Izumi...」
「S-Sorry, Itachi-kun. But let me stay like this a little longer.」
Itachi couldn't do anything, so he waited for Izumi to calm down
「W-We're only 11 years old... And yet, Itachi-kun... Hey, where are you going?」
「I'm not going anywhere.」
Probably...
Itachi took his last words.
「Isn't that a little anticlimactic?」
The fox-masked man spoke to Itachi, who stood beside the modest door.
He's standing in the opposite direction of Itachi, like a door.
As Itachi remains silent, the man continues to speak coolly.
「Just because you're in the dark doesn't mean it's always a dangerous mission. Hokage's guarding you is a fine job.」
「I understand.」
Itachi answered matter-of-factly
Like a man, his face is covered with the face of a fox.
While the man's face is suspended, the hole in Itachi's eyes is round.
The name of the man with the hanging mask is Hatake Kakashi.
He's the captain of the dark division and Itachi's direct superior.
He's only about twenty years old, but he's already been an elite member of the dark side of the village for eight years.
He's talented, and he's highly trusted by the hokage.
Itachi has known this man for a while.
When Tenma died...
This is the scarecrow I came to save.
If Kakashi had shown up earlier, Tenma might not have died.
Shinobu values only reality and results.
Tenma's death means there's no turning back now.
Itachi had no intention of holding a grudge against her for what she had done.
「Have you learned the basic tactics of the dark club?」
Kakashi asked me a safe question.
He's a good boss who cares about the feelings of his new young subordinate.
Killing friends.
Those who speak ill of scarecrows are the ones who say it.
Itachi's heard it a few times since he joined the dark side.
But it's all the words of those who are older than Kakashi and are dependent on their subordinates.
It's nothing but slander from jealousy and jealousy.
Captain Kakashi will kill his comrades to complete his mission...
The faces of those who insulted him were always ugly.
Even now, she's still in the dark, looking out for Itachi, who hasn't been here long, and doing her best to find a way to talk to him.
「It's all in my head.」
「As expected.」
For Itachi, who had read through books on the operation of Shinobu's platoon, the tactics unique to the dark side were very interesting.
Forman cell, threeman cell and twoman cell.
And at the end of the day, you have to learn how to handle yourself alone.
In all the situations Shinobu would encounter on missions, it always covered combat tactics that sought the possibility of completing missions from offensive positions.
Everything from diversions to distractions to defensive formations to coordination, everything was specialized for destroying enemies and completing missions.
Itachi's intellectual curiosity got the better of him, and he spent the night reading through the thick combat books specialized in the dark arts.
「You've earned the nickname ninja school's greatest talent.」
「What's the youngest graduate saying?」
「When I graduated, I was in the middle of the Great War when I needed Shinobu for everything, so the situation is different now.」
Speaking of which, the current ninja school system is different from when itachi graduated.
When Itachi graduated, there were still remnants of the Great War.
Because of that, I was able to get into a flying class, and I graduated early.
But now that it's peaceful, there's also the will of the Hokage to raise Shinobu with care over the long years, so she can't graduate as quickly as she used to.
As a result, no matter how talented Sasuke is, he can't become a shinobi until he's eleven.
「It's just in my head. I can't say I've learned it unless I actually match my movements with my friends.」
「You'll be fine.」
Kakashi said it as if he had seen it.
There's no sense of excessive anticipation, carelessness, or conceitful irresponsibility in that tone.
It was a very natural tone.
That's why it's strangely convincing.
「I hope you'll be proud of your dark side.」
「Thank you very much.」
A boss I can trust...
There was something about this man called Kakashi that made me think that.
No matter how many times I come here, I can't bring myself to like this place...
Itachi took a deep breath through his nose in the shrine building, which was dominated by hot air.
What fills our surroundings are our kin.
It's a regular meeting.
Izumi had become a genin.
Itachi, a young man, is in the lower seat.
Izumi, who was the same age as me, was sitting in the same row as a few others.
She doesn't move, her face downcast, as if she's being overpowered by the intense heat.
I wanted to talk to her, but in contrast to the heat, the shrine was silent, and there was a silent pressure that wouldn't allow me to act lightly.
「Then shall we begin?」
My father, who was sitting in the front row, stood up and turned away from everyone.
Everyone is holding their breath, waiting for my father's words.
It was as if he was the founder and follower of some religion.
A leader who bears the grudge of his family...
That was the face of Fugaku, Itachi's father.
「My son, Itachi has officially decided to join the dark club. He's already begun to carry out his duties as a dark club member.」
Quiet cheers echoed throughout the shrine.
「With this, our clan has a connection to the village's core. From now on, we will not only receive it from the village, but also investigate as well.」
He's not the one who's gonna do it.
「Itachi.」
My father called my son's name.
Itachi stood up without making a sound and waited for his father's words on the spot.
「Have you noticed anything since you joined the dark club?」
Itachi was bewildered by such a vague question.
The villagers are prejudiced against the clan, and they don't like it.
That's what my father wants.
The Dark Brothers aren't actually welcoming Itachi's enlistment, and some of them are just trying to harass him.
But I couldn't say for certain that it was just because I was a member of the family.
Itachi's youth as an eleven-year-old is one of the reasons why they're so irritated.
「It's true that the people of the village are wary of our clan and don't like it.」
「That's right!」
As Itachi spat out the words that came to his father's request, a voice of synchrony rose from within the seat.
「But...」
Itachi's voice weighed heavily as he continued to suppress the thoughtless onlookers.
「Still, I don't feel any aggressive hatred towards my family. I think their emotions are just jealousy and jealousy that everyone has.」
Only my father's right eyebrow, which I had been listening to with his arms crossed, twitched and lifted up.
「There are times when jealousy and jealousy, as you say, gather together and form a big swell of emotions.」
As if in agreement with my father's words, my brethren begin to stir.
Itachi put strength into the pit of his stomach and spat out the words, as if cutting through the voices of the crowd.
「If you keep making these backward-looking predictions, whatever you do will be reduced to negative phenomena!」
Standing silently in front of the father who glared at his son, a man stood up.
My father's confidant is Yashiro.
「Hey, Itachi.」
Yashiro calls out to her with bloodlust burning in his narrow eyes.
Itachi continued to stare at his father's confidant in silence.
「You're supporting the village a lot, aren't you? Whose side are you on, the village or the clan? You've joined the dark club, and your cuteness hasn't dulled your judgment.」
「You shouldn't use words as a frame of reference...」
「What?」
「Enemy...... Ally...... If you use words as a tool to distinguish things, you lose sight of your true feelings.
We'll have to step into a place where we don't have to go.」
「I don't have time for incomprehensible questions. Which side are you on? I'm Itachi!」
Yashiro's roar silences the shrine.
「Isn't it obvious...?」
Itachi continued, still glaring at his father's confidant.
「I'm a member of the family.」
「Do you have a moment?」
On the way home from the meeting, Shisui stopped Itachi, who was walking away from his father.
Suspicious of his stopped son, the father turned around and noticed his best friend.
「What's wrong, Shisui?」
「I wanted to talk to your son for a bit...」
Fugaku looked back and forth between shisui and itachi
「Don't be too late.」
Saying that, she starts walking alone on the night road.
「Shisui...」
When we were alone, itachi called his friend's name.
「I understand your feelings so well it hurts.」
My best friend furrows her brow as she says that. She seems to be frustrated from the bottom of her heart.
「Yashiro is the leader of the coup d'etat supporters. To him, everyone in the village is his enemy.」
The rant she just showered me with is still ringing in my ears.
Itachi lowers his head to look away from the image of Yashiro in his mind.
「I started moving just like you did in the dark.」
「What do you mean?」
「I negotiated with Master Hokage directly, and obtained the authority to investigate the clan's internal affairs alone.」
I don't know what it means to investigate a family's internal affairs.
As Itachi was bewildered by the words he couldn't immediately understand, Shisui understood them and opened his mouth.
「In order to prevent the clan from getting any more suspicious, I usually leave the mission. My family's dissatisfaction will explode. To prevent that, I have a firm promise that I can act on my own discretion, and a position as a member of the dark club. But that's only in name, and I'm under the direct control of Lord Hokage. That's why your father and the others don't know about my dark side, and there aren't many people inside.」
「Don't tell me you're...」
「Don't worry. I didn't say anything about the coup d'etat.」
If the villagers found out about the conspiracy, they wouldn't be able to keep each other in check like they are now.
「Itachi, you're from the underworld, and I'm a shinobi under the direct control of Lord Hokage, so I'll continue to fight to stop the clan's outburst.」
「No matter what happens, I won't forget our promise.」
Shisui holds out his fist.
Itachi thrust out his fist in unison.
「I have to stop the coup at all costs.」
At the sound of her firm voice,
Itachi nodded in agreement.
A scene I didn't want to believe was unfolding before me.
There's a windowless room in the basement of the building given to us by the dark side, and it's filled with monitors.
Itachi was familiar with the scenery reflected in it.
「The Nine-Tails Vale Incident... The higher-ups in the village doubted my family's involvement.」
Itachi listened while looking at the monitor as Kakashi stood next to him.
「The higher-ups weren't satisfied with just segregating the clan's settlements at the edge of the village, so they began to monitor the village twenty-four hours a day in the dark.」
「So that's this room?」
「That's right.」
With the countless buttons and levers in front of the monitor, my friends in the dark department are operating the screen.
Even though I can't see the expression on their faces, I can predict their relaxed expressions.
That's how unprepared my friends are.
I can't blame you.
From the perspective of my friends, it's just a monotonous mission to stare at the monitor.
I don't even care how serious that is for my family.
「Were you able to see everything?」
「There's no need to check every little thing, but this is...」
「I know. I won't let my family know.」
There's no way I can tell you.
Knowing that every corner of the settlement is being watched twenty-four hours a day will only make Father's anger worse.
They're already raving about a coup d'etat, so I'll just give them whatever they want.
Itachi was sent by his father to the shadows as a spy to investigate the village's internal affairs.
If you are to faithfully fulfill that duty, you should inform your family immediately.
The moment he abandoned talking, Itachi abandoned being a spy for his family.
「I'm going to have you monitor me here for the rest of the day.」
「So you want me to keep an eye on my family?」
The monkey-faced man, who had been sitting in front of the monitor silently listening to Kakashi and Itachi's exchange, suddenly stood up.
「Friends or not, a mission is a mission. Your family has withdrawn from the Nine Tails. That's why we're being watched. Accept reality, rookie.」
「Kou.」
Kakashi called out the monkey mask's name as if to rebuke him.
Then the other colleague sitting next to Kou spun his chair around and turned his face to the scarecrow.
It's a round-faced cat mask.
「She was killed by Fan Mei. That's why we don't have a good impression of her family.」
「Don't let personal feelings get in the way of your mission.」
When Kakashi said that, Kou approached him with his head down.
「I know. I'm sorry.」
He bows and walks past the scarecrow.
「I'm counting on you, newbie.」
A round-faced cat mask follows after Kou, who looks dissatisfied.
「Oh, he's here.」
Kakashi said as he looked at the door where they disappeared.
「Come with him.」
Standing in front of the door was Suguru, a shinobi who was with Danzo.
It's already been four hours since kakashi left.
Sugal doesn't say a word.
Itachi wasn't good at casual conversation in the first place, so he didn't mind silence.
The time passed with just the two of us staring at the monitor.
It was a coincidence that I found it.
Even though it's a mission, Itachi's blood isn't so cold that he can calmly monitor his comrades' lives.
Switch the security camera image frequently, keep it in as little places as possible, and keep changing the screen in front of you
I somehow managed to maintain my composure by watching it for a moment.
Itachi, who's trained to memorize scenes at a glance, has the self-confidence to carry out his duties just by doing this.
Itachi stopped, feeling a slight discomfort in one of those fleeting fragments.
View of Minamigano-jinja Shrine from the torii gate
A stone corridor extends straight from the stone torii to the main shrine building.
Itachi could see the space right in the middle of the torii gate and the shrine building warped slightly.
It's only for a moment.
The view on the monitor had already regained its silence.
It's probably a slight disturbance on the screen that Sugal hasn't noticed.
If anyone else saw it, they'd only think the camera was blown by the wind.
But Itachi recognized the disturbance in the scenery.
The scenery near the center of the stone floor was swirling around a certain point.
It's like the surrounding space is being sucked into that single point.
The masked man...
The phenomenon that occurred on the other side of the monitor was the exact same technique that the man who attacked Itachi and the others used to escape during the mission to guard the daimyo of the Land of Fire.
「Why would that man...」
After muttering carelessly, Itachi realized that Sugal was there and regretted it.
Sugal is looking at the monitor in front of him.
While regretting his own inexperience, Itachi dived back into the sea of thoughts.
When Tenma died, Itachi clearly saw the eyes of the man behind the mask.
A black dot appears in the center of her crimson eyes, and three magatama (magatama) appear in that concentric circle.
That man's right eye was the sharingan.
Which means he's a member of our family.
More than three years have passed since that incident.
Even now, sometimes the scene of Tenma's death comes back to mind.
Tenma was uncouthly terrified, and died as if he didn't know what had happened.
At that time, Itachi was shocked by the overwhelming difference in power between the masked man and himself.
Disappointed by my own powerlessness, I opened the sharingan.
In other words, the masked man is the man who awakened Itachi as a true shinobi.
Avenge your colleagues or your benefactor.
I felt a strange connection to the masked man.
For the past three years, itachi has dreamed of the man's identity countless times.
I thought we were a family in the realm of reasoning, but today I'm convinced of that.
It's the masked man's fault.
And that man appeared at nangano shrine.
And on the day tenma died, the sharingan that shone behind the mask
Everything shows that we are a family.
So who in the family is he?
In the three years since then, itachi has interacted with all the men in the village.
No one in the family has the ninjutsu to manipulate space like that man.
There was no one with the same voice or presence as him.
And most of all, Itachi himself had a hunch that men weren't from the village.
Then who is it?
My family has lived in the village since konoha was founded.
I don't hear anything about the sharingan being held by anyone other than my family.
There are some exceptions like Hatake Kakashi, but that is also within Konoha.
If precious bloodlines like the sharingan and the Byakugan are leaked outside the village, that's the most important thing in the country.
There's no way it's not in the village's records.
So far, there's been no talk of the sharingan leaking to other villages.
Thinking about it that way, I'm narrowing down my options.
The first option is to assume that the clan is still alive and become a masked man while they think he died on the battlefield during the last Great War.
During the war, when a member of the family died on the battlefield, the sharingan was always brought back by other shinobi.
That's why there's no possibility that the body was stolen.
In that case, it would be more appropriate to assume that the person who thought he was dead is still alive, and that he is walking into the village with the sharingan.
And the second option is the possibility that the one who left the family before is the masked man.
This is less likely than the first option.
Because ever since konoha was founded, there's only one shinobi who left the clan and left the village.
I'm Madara...
He was the man who founded Konohagakure Village together with Hashirama of the Senju clan.
He left the village and died fighting against the pillar in what is now known as the Valley of the End.
There's no way a dead man could be alive.
The second option was to throw it away at that point.
But itachi can't forget this second option.
At that time, the overwhelming chakra and presence of the masked man that I had actually felt on my skin was stronger than any shinobi Itachi had ever met.
If such a shinobi died during the Great War, it should go down in history.
But there's no record of such a talented shinobi dying anywhere that records the Great War.
In that case...
It makes more sense to think that Madara is alive.
「...Tachi.」
I heard someone's voice in the distance.
「Itachi!」
Sugal's hard voice brings itachi back to reality.
「It's time for a solo shift.」
「Ahh...」
Itachi answers vaguely.
Even as I indulged in my thoughts, I kept pressing the button on my fingertips.
The monitor, which is looking away but not looking at me at all, is twirling around to change the scenery.
「Are you okay?」
「What are you talking about?」
I'll answer Sugal's question with a question.
「No...... I don't really have anything to show for it.」
Sugal didn't talk any more than that.
It's been two months since I entered the dark.
But, as usual, the days continue monotonously.
Our main duties are guarding the Hokage's office and conducting exercises with his friends. We haven't been given a mission to endanger our lives yet.
“If assassinations and important missions happen that often, the village won't be at peace. It's proof that our time here is peaceful.”
Kakashi laughs in disbelief.
The village is at peace...
So why? Itachi thought.
The village should be peaceful, so why is my heart in such disarray?
Why do I feel so rushed?
It's my family's fault.
In the shadows of the village's peace, our people wish for war.
That was the source of Itachi's confusion.
We have to stop the coup at all costs.
But we couldn't find a concrete plan for that.
Even if you say you're going to move with Shisui, even if the two of you stand side by side and spread your arms, your family's urges can't be suppressed.
The fact that we can't find a way out of this is making Itachi panic.
「Gyahahaha!」
A loud, tearful voice pierced Itachi's ears as he returned from his mission.
Itachi instinctively stopped in his tracks, and saw a small park ahead of him.
It's already late in the evening.
The sun had long since set in the west, and the area was beginning to darken.
The boy who just laughed is standing on the swing.
There were three figures running in the direction he looked.
Probably a friend of his.
「You guys are no match for this Uzumaki Naruto-sama!」
The boy on the swing yelled.
The figures don't even turn to look at him as they walk away, talking about something.
The boy who called himself Naruto sat down sadly on the swing while staring at the three friendly figures.
No matter how you look at it, that was a bluff.
Itachi knew from the moment the boy introduced himself.
Speaking of naruto uzumaki, there is no one in the village who doesn't know.
The boy in front of me is involved in the Nine-Tails Vale Incident that terrorized the people of the village.
A child with nine tails.
If he goes down the street, everyone will lower their voices.
There was only one person who didn't know that he had nine tails.
Naruto himself.
Without knowing the disaster of the village, they will be sealed away, and live in fear of the people.
Naruto doesn't understand why he's being abused by people.
His parents are no longer in this world.
There is no one who will give him free love.
Itachi somehow found his way to the park.
Walk quietly toward the weak swings
I sat next to naruto, who was looking down.
「Nuoh!」
Naruto was surprised to see Itachi suddenly appear and nearly fell out of the swing.
She flails her arms and legs more than necessary, somehow managing to stay on the swing, and throws a suspicious glance at Itachi.
「Don't scare me like that.」
「I'm sorry.」
「Hey, who are you?」
Naruto stares at me with wide eyes.
Itachi was swinging his swing, looking straight ahead.
「Who cares who I am?」
「Mom told me not to talk to strangers...」
「She's not here.」
When Itachi said that...
Naruto put his right hand behind his head with a smile like an embarrassed smile.
「So you do know?」
「Speaking of Uzumaki Naruto, he's a famous prankster.」
「Am I really that famous?」
「In a way.」
「Heheheh...」
Naruto smiles happily without understanding Itachi's sarcasm.
「My friend ran away.」
「Those guys who don't understand my pranks aren't my friends.」
Naruto's voice is awfully cheerful.
It was like she was trying her best to act cheerful, so that she wouldn't realize how lonely she was.
Everyone knows who naruto is.
To the village, the Nine-Tails Vale incident still left a deep scar.
Even the clan still hasn't been able to escape from the effects of this incident while they're suspected of manipulating the nine tails.
Itachi himself suffered many slander due to this incident.
There's probably not a single person in this village who'd be able to properly interact with the boy who's responsible for that.
In other words, naruto is the greatest victim of the nine tails incident.
Itachi doesn't know how he sealed naruto's nine tails.
But I don't think it's proper for a young baby to be able to contain a mass of calamity.
Didn't you think about how he'd be persecuted if you did that?
The details of the Nine-Tails Vale Incident are top secret from the village.
The truth was hidden in the darkness, and only naruto remained.
Naruto is part of the darkness of the village.
This village is built at the cost of beings like naruto.
The people in the upper echelons keep the calamity sealed away in Naruto, and by persecuting the family, we're dissatisfied with the people elsewhere, and cleverly continue to move the village.
By intentionally creating darkness, I can conceal my own darkness...
And now, itachi is a part of the darkness of that village.
The dark side is the true darkness of the village.
「Nii-chan!」
「Hm?」
Naruto's eyes were wide next to me.
「Are you okay with being quiet all of a sudden?」
「It's okay.」
「That's good to hear.」
Naruto looks up at me worriedly.
「It's about time for you to go home.」
「There's no one home...」
Naruto's mouth twists into a frown and he puts on a brave face.
「Okay, I'm going home.」
「Ehhh!?」
Naruto is exaggeratedly surprised at itachi standing up.
「Good luck.」
Itachi thinks he said something that doesn't even make him feel better.
However, Naruto seemed happy, and he laughed and rubbed his nose with his finger.
Then she jumps off the swing and stands up straight, pointing her index finger at Itachi.
「My name is Naruto Uzumaki! I'll be the Hokage someday!」
「I see, the Hokage...」
Itachi's heart is on fire.
Even though he carries the darkness of the village with him, this boy has not given up on his fate.
You don't hate the village, you don’t hate people, and you believe in your dreams with honest eyes.
「I hope you can become one.」
「I swear I'll do it. Remember that until then, Nii-chan.」
Instead of answering with a smile, Itachi turns his back on Naruto and starts walking.
The sky was full of stars.
Danzo called me.
Sitting in a chair with a sour look on his face.
Next to the owner of the root is Sugal, who should be in the Ro Team.
「How's it going with the dark side?」
「I don't know yet.」
「That's my honest opinion. I'm sure you'll experience things you can't do unless you're in the dark. Keep improving your skills until then.」
Danzo speaks as if he's his boss.
However, Itachi is a shadow under the direct control of the Hokage, so he has nothing to do with the root.
In terms of professional relationships, Danzo and Itachi had nothing to do with each other.
「I'm the one who called you here today.」
Shut up and listen to danzou.
「I've heard that our clan's settlement has been strict with outsiders lately.」
It's true that in the past few months, the settlement has been giving off an exclusive atmosphere.
Because my father said the word coup d'etat, the settlement itself seemed to have a will of its own.
「You're attending your regular meetings too, aren't you?」
Danzo got straight to the point.
My family is being watched 24 hours by the dark side.
It was natural for danzo to know about the meeting.
「Yes.」
Itachi answered honestly, knowing there was no point in hiding it.
Danzo nods in satisfaction.
「I'll be frank. I want to hear the details of the meeting from you.」
Itachi's voice is full of pressure.
「At this rate, our clan will be doomed. We need your power to stop it.」
「Are you telling me to betray my family?」
「Don't betray me. Save me.」
Danzo placed his elbows on the table and rested his chin on top of his clasped hands.
His dark, cavelike left eye shoots Itachi.
「Betrayal is an act of detriment to those who are betrayed. The act of reporting the contents of the meeting will prevent the family from exploding, and as a result it will benefit the family. Therefore, it will not be called betrayal.」
That's a clever rhetoric.
I'm sure you're trying to reason with me, but Itachi wasn't fooled.
No matter what happens to the clan, if we tell Danzo what happened at the meeting, it'll be nothing short of betrayal.
Danzo is mistaken.
Itachi wasn't obsessed with the word betrayal.
「Understood.」
「I thought you'd say that if you hated conflict more than anyone else.」
The root of it answered in a voice that showed no emotion.
I hate to admit it, but danzo is right.
Itachi still hasn't figured out a concrete plan to prevent the coup.
That's when Danzo's offer was irresistible.
We'll be able to get the third hokage's cooperation through sisy.
And Itachi's decision could be the trigger to use Danzo's power.
If we can connect with the village's core, we should be able to prevent the clan's outburst.
「I don't want to steal my family's dignity. I leave the selection of information to you.」
「Thank you very much.」
「I'm counting on you, Itachi. The fate of your family rests on your decision.」
Danzo's voice rang out on both shoulders.
Itachi's resolve isn't so naive that he can't bear the weight of it.
He took a deep breath to the pit of his stomach, as if he was aware of his own heavy responsibility.
Somehow, I smelled blood...
「I knew it...」
Kakashi muttered next to Itachi, who was holding his breath.
At that time, the captain was no longer wearing a black mask over the lower half of his face.
I followed him and jumped off the cliff.
There's a corpse of one of our own lying in the hollow we're headed for.
The enemy I killed was a small country, the shinobi of the frost country.
It happened right before we were about to form an alliance.
In order to establish an alliance ten days from now, in the middle of the mission to exchange letters detailing the final conditions, Shinobu and the others in the Frost Realm bared their fangs.
The enemy never wanted an alliance in the first place.
There are more than ten opponents to konoha's shinobi four.
We're outnumbered.
Konoha shinobi and the others who had been entrusted with receiving the letter were killed in an instant.
As soon as the negotiations are broken, execute the enemy extermination.
That was the mission itachi and the others had received.
In other words, do not move until the situation is clear.
Because of that, the initial attack was delayed, and as a result, all our allies were annihilated.
When Shinobu of the Frost Realm appeared in the large group of ten, there was plenty of sign of her breaking down.
If Darkness had jumped out at that point, our comrades might not have died.
But even if Itachi was in Kakashi's position, he wouldn't have been able to move until the four of them were wiped out.
Kakashi lands in front of the enemy.
His right hand had already pierced an enemy.
Blue lightning surrounds the captain's arm.
Chidori...... Kakashi's best skill.
By the time the captain pulled out his right arm, Itachi had also landed in the middle of the enemy.
There are only two more members of the dark division.
One of them is Sugal.
And the other is a young shinobi named tenzou.
He's a little younger than Kakashi.
But my career as a dark agent is quite long.
「Konoha's dark side!?」
The moment the enemy yells, a thick tree trunk wraps around the man's neck and wrings him like a snake.
The man was so powerful that he could not resist, and died with his long tongue hanging from his lips.
Tenzo's art.
The first hokage, Tenzo, was able to use the wooden ninjutsu that only Hashirama could use.
「From the beginning, you had no intention of forming an alliance with us.」
Another enemy told Kakashi.
「You're the one who set it up first.」
Without waiting for an argument, Chidori digs into the enemy's stomach
Itachi heard a scream on his back.
The enemy I see over my shoulder is holding his longsword high above his head.
I turned around, body and all.
The greatsword approaches the top of my head.
He quickly raised his right arm.
Catch the right wrist of the enemy holding the hilt
「Kuh!」
「Give up.」
I'll tell you with my hand on your wrist.
The enemy glares at Itachi with cold sweat, unable to even bring his sword down.
sharingan
The enemy's body trembled violently once, and completely lost its power.
Like a puppet with its strings cut, the enemy's head flies into the air before Itachi's eyes as it tries to fall to the ground.
The ninja sword glitters behind the enemy.
It's Sugal.
「Hokage-sama, your mission is to annihilate the enemy.」
Sugaru whispers in a voice only itachi can hear.
He read my plan to use the genjutsu of the sharingan to knock me out.
There's no need to annihilate the enemy.
Whether the messenger returns or not, the Frost Realm will soon know what happened.
If you're looking for retribution, it's just the people who killed four people.
If we let the others go home alive and talk about Konoha's power, it'll probably be more effective to keep them in check against the Frost Realm.
「I know.」
When I told Sugal's back that he was already on the verge of facing a new enemy, Itachi also set his sights on his next target.
There are only four enemies left.
They've already lost their will to fight.
Sugal's shinto flew the neck of the man who was begging for his life.
A sharp branch created by Tenzou's Tree Escape Ninjutsu pierces Noichi's back as he tries to run away.
「With this, the Frost Realm and Konoha will be enemies!」
「Your lives will prevent that.」
Kakashi whispers gently, and his arm pierces the enemy's solar plexus.
「Itachi!」
Tenzou's Voice
Itachi's eyes see the enemy approaching with a deadly look on his face.
The enemy is still not even ten years old, clenching his kunai in both hands and eating his teeth.
The land of frost is small.
Even though there's no longer a great war, in a country with so few shinobi and so little national power, even a child like this will be enough to fight.
「Taaah!」
Her spirited screams are no longer a cry.
Itachi accepted the boy into his heart.
A sharp pain runs through my stomach.
The boy's kunai was stabbed.
Her slender arms are trembling even when they touch Itachi's stomach.
His fear had surpassed its limit, and tears began to flow from the boy's eyes.
「Itachi!」
Kakashi screams.
「I'm fine.」
Kakashi and the others are watching Itachi calmly answer from a distance.
The boy's trembling face slowly lifted up.
Her eyes, wet with tears, catch Itachi.
「Ah, ahhhh...」
Fear is leaking out as a voice.
「You're a full-fledged shinobi. Hang in there.」
Talk to the enemy gently
The boy is bewildered and frightened, and he doesn't know what's going on.
She shook her head from side to side, desperately trying to turn away from reality.
「You didn't run away, and you came to me. That's why I'll thank you as a full-fledged shinobi......」
Hold the kunai behind the boy's back so he can't see.
As the enemy continued to cry, I ran my blade up her slender neck from below.
I gently pull the kunai out of my stomach and take a step back.
Blood sprayed from the boy's neck.
I don't get blood.
That, too, is a hobby of shinobi.
Her young body tumbled onto a pile of corpses that had no enemies or allies.
「This is another battlefield...」
Whispering in a voice no one can hear
Itachi questioned his heart.
Am I really getting closer to my dream?
It felt like my body was getting heavier and heavier as I slowly flowed. When I was young, I had longed to be a better ninja than anyone else, and the fences wrapped around my body tried to frame Itachi as a mere shinobi.
I want to abandon the village, the clan, and the dark side, and become free...
I know that's unacceptable.
The boy's eyes, which had lost their luster, stared at Itachi as he anguished.
「The number of participants, the route of entry, the target of the attack, and the list of assassination targets. I want to set the most important day for the next meeting. Please gather everyone's opinions before then. If you have any ideas, feel free to tell me at any time. Just be careful of the village's people's eyes.」
When my father finished speaking, my brethren relaxed for a moment.
It's an expected end to the meeting.
But everyone's feelings were broken by Yashiro's strained voice.
「Is Itachi there?」
Itachi was disgusted by the voice calling him.
「Itachi!」
Itachi doesn't respond, but an irritated voice follows him.
「I'm right here.」
He lifted his heavy hips.
Yashiro doesn't reprimand Itachi for his attitude. He just looks at him coldly.
「You were there when the negotiations with the Frost Realm broke down, weren't you?」
「.........」
「Answer me.」
「The dark club's mission is not to talk to outsiders.」
「Are you serious?」
Yashiro's brow furrows deeply.
Itachi didn't answer. He just stared into the narrow eyes in front of him.
「Why did you join the dark club?」
「.........」
「It's to get all sorts of information from a place close to the center of the village and tell us about it, right?」
「Yashiro.」
My father called out the name of his confidant, as if to help his silent son.
Yashiro keeps glaring at Itachi without answering his father.
「What did you bring us when you joined the dark side? We haven't heard the secret of the village from you yet.」
「I don't know, so I won't tell you.」
「Is that really all?」
「What do you mean?」
Antipathy flickers in Itachi's eyes.
As Yashiro takes it with a fearless smile, a long-haired man stands up next to him.
Uchiha Inabi
He is also my father's confidant.
「I thought you were betraying us...」
「That's enough!」
My father screamed.
Yashiro and Inabi fall silent at my father's unusual display.
「I'm sure you all know what's going on with your family. There's no way you can do something as important as fight amongst yourselves.」
「.........」
Yashiro sits down in dissatisfaction.
Followed by inabi.
「You sit down too, Itachi.」
My father glares at me.
「Itachi...」
Father whispers to his standing son in a thin voice.
He sounded like he was begging.
「I'm sorry.」
The pain in my chest naturally came out as words.
My father is desperate to bring everyone together.
Why are you so servile, and why are you trying to put an end to this?
Is it really that important to have a family framework?
Itachi thought he was being toyed with by the youth's passion.
I don't understand...
「Anyway, the next meeting will decide our path. It's an important one. I won't allow you to be absent, so keep that in mind.」
The meeting ended with a disquieting atmosphere, and Itachi headed home alone without meeting anyone's eyes.
I couldn't even see Shisui and Izumi.
Danzo looks down at Hiruzen, who's pressing his lips against the pipe.
The Hokage's Office
There's no one else.
「It's been half a year since I joined the dark club...」
Hiruzen said, exhaling smoke.
「What are you talking about?」
「Don't play dumb. I'm talking about the man you care about.」
「Hmph!」
Sometimes hilzen speaks in such a roundabout way.
「I'm doing my duty faithfully.」
「I see.」
「Didn't you come here to talk about him?」
He sees right through me.
For Danzo, who hated to be seen in his own heart more than anyone, it was unbearable.
「Looks like we've got subordinates working directly for the clan, Hiruzen.」
Hiruzen put his mouth to the pipe as if he'd been hit where it hurt.
Danzo doesn't care. He just keeps going.
「I heard that we separated Shisui from his normal duties and gave him the authority to act on his own discretion and judgment. And even though it's in name only, he's still in the dark.」
「Shisui wished for you to be able to move freely. All I did was set the path for that.」
「Did the Hokage hear the selfishness of a mere ninja?」
「I only did it out of consideration for those who care about their family.」
「The village won't be able to stand up if you take into account each person's feelings like that.」
「You don't have to tell me that!」
Hiruzen yelled in frustration.
「Why don't you stop being so roundabout and say it clearly? What are you doing here today, Danzo?」
It's about time I stopped teasing you...
Danzo chuckles in his heart and says what he's been thinking for a long time.
「Just as you have your own pawns, I want you to prepare one for me.」
Tegoma.
The moment I said that, Hiruzen's face turned sour. When I finished listening, the corners of his mouth turned up slightly as he looked at Danzo.
「Are you telling me to give Itachi to Root?」
「I never thought about that.」
「Don't play dumb.」
「I am not playing dumb.」
Hiruzen narrowed his eyes to gauge Danzo's true intentions.
The countless creases running at the corners of his eyes deepen.
「What are you thinking?」
「Would you like to raise Itachi to the rank of squad leader?」
「He's only eleven.」
「The captain of the dark division is over thirteen......that's true.」
As Danzo spoke with a faint smile on his face, Hiruzen's expression turned unpleasant.
「The dark side is the core of the village. The leader of the squad must have sufficient judgment. That is why he is only thirteen years old.」
「Enough judgment... Itachi already has that.」
「That's not the issue here.」
「Age is powerless in the face of strength.」
Hiruzen falls silent at Danzo's firm stance.
「Is the code really that important, Hiruzen? Our family's discontent is already on the line. In order to break through such a situation, we need someone who can make good use of their will and have connections with you. Even a mere ninja of the dark side can't escape the squad leader's command. If we can raise Itachi to the rank of squad leader, that means he'll be lighter.」
「You're not going to let him belong to the root, and then you're going to put him somewhere between you and me?」
「Exactly. In our clan, Itachi and Shisui are no match for each other in terms of ability. If we draw them in here, it won't be difficult to prevent the clan's outbursts. Just as you gave Shisui special privileges, itachi needs a certain amount of authority.」
「But you're too young to be a squad leader at the age of eleven.」
Hiruzen's lost.
One more push...
「How about a twelve-year-old?」
The third hokage doesn't answer.
「I think we'll be able to deal with the regulations by raising Itachi's official age by one year.」
「Let me think a little more.」
「Understood.」
Danzo is sure of it.
Hiruzen will definitely agree to it.
「How's school?」
Itachi asked his brother, who was sitting on the bench, and quenched his thirst with cold juice.
「It's much better to train with Nii-san like this.」
Sasuke looks up at his brother and laughs as he grips the can full of water.
“It would be far more beneficial to train with Shisui...”
Itachi said the same thing when he first entered the ninja school.
It's a little late to be saying this, but I realize that brothers are similar.
I finished my mission early and decided to train with Sasuke when he came home.
I don't usually spend much time with her, so I'm actively creating opportunities for her.
And now, this time with sasuke is the greatest healing for itachi.
I washed my sweat with my brother, and I was able to escape the heavy burdens of everyday life.
How long have you been like that?
Lately, whenever I see Shisui, he's always talking about the future of his family.
We trained together years ago.
Even if I talk to Izumi, I can't be with her without thinking about how her heart works.
I know I'm being overly considerate, but there's nothing I can do.
In the end, it was only when I was training with my brother that I was able to be who I was without thinking about anything.
「Is school boring?」
「That's not true, but...」
Sasuke looks at the mouth of the can and closes his mouth.
I think I know what my brother's thinking.
「Maybe they're too different in terms of skill and way of thinking to get along with their friends?」
Because itachi himself was.
Because I was able to do everything better than others, my friends my age looked like a lot of kids.
The way you think and deal with things is so young that you can't even talk to them with the same values.
I vaguely thought that sasuke might be the same.
Like myself, I felt like my brother had a clumsy side to him when it came to socializing.
「It's not like I'm trying to do it right. They're completely useless at ninjutsu and studying......」
「What about you, Naruto?」
「Eh?」
Sasuke's eyes widened at the unexpected name coming out of his brother's mouth.
The way he looks up at itachi is showing his surprise.
Itachi himself was surprised.
I don't know why I said Naruto's name.
It's just, for some reason, I was thinking about that blond kid my brother's age.
「He's completely useless no matter what I make him do. He's a pain in the ass to take advantage of it and charge at me.」
「What about you, Naruto?」
「It's not like I care about him at all, but he still complains about every little thing.」
If my brother's position at school is no different from Itachi's while he's in school, I think the other students are keeping Sasuke at a distance.
No one's going to make friends with Sasuke from the bottom of their heart in exchange for a good look at his abilities.
But naruto said he'd come at sasuke.
The image of him boasting about being a hokage comes back to mind.
A pitiful child with a nine-tailed body and no one to take him on.
But you believe in big dreams and you don't doubt them.
His looks, his speech, everything seemed the exact opposite of his brother Sasuke's.
But... when I imagine the two of them standing next to each other, it feels strange.
「If you're going to charge at me, that means I'm curious about you. Make sure you get along.」
「I can't get along with someone like that.」
「I hope I'll be able to do it someday.」
I put my hand on my brother's head.
「It's absolutely impossible!」
Sasuke closes his eyes tightly, wrinkles his nose, and bites his teeth
Itachi couldn't help but laugh at that comical expression.
My brother's expression loosens up and he starts laughing.
The warm twilight passes peacefully.
Fugaku folded his arms and closed his eyes, and opened his eyes when he heard the sound of shoji sliding open.
It's my room.
I was sitting cross-legged against the wall to the right of the room, looking at the tokonoma set up in the upper seat.
It was my child who opened the shoji facing the hallway and showed her face.
「What do you want, Father?」
His overly talented son doesn't try to smooth things over or come into the room. He's been awfully cold lately.
「Enter.」
When Fugaku begged, he finally reluctantly crossed the threshold.
He closed the sliding door behind him and sat formally in front of his father.
「It seems you went to the park with Sasuke.」
「Yes.」
I made sure the two of them were covered in sweat and came back, then called them out after the bath.
My brother is talking to his mother at the dinner table.
「I need to prepare for tomorrow's mission. Please keep your business brief.」
His face stiffens as he says that. He's clearly wary of his father.
I can't blame you.
We haven't had a conversation recently, and the only chance they had to hear each other's voices was at the meeting.
I can't show my parents' faces in public view.
It's only natural that we'd be separated from each other when we're treating each other so politely.
「Don't be so formal.」
Fugaku smiled.
It's the best smile I can muster.
Fugaku rarely smiles.
As the captain of the police, as the leader of the young men and women of the family, I don't want to let my emotions show on my face.
No...
Now that I think about it, I haven't smiled much since I was young.
Come to think of it, when was the last time I saw my son smile?
I don't remember.
My son and I are alike... Strange joy wells up in my heart.
There was a difference between the pure joy of having a child as a parent and the joy Fugaku felt just now.
They call me the greatest genius at ninja school, and I pass the chunin exam on my own. I'm the first member of the family to take the post of the dark club.
I felt joy at the fact that I resembled Shinobu, who had built many legends.
It was a twisted emotion for a father to see his son as an object of admiration somewhere.
And Fugaku is clearly aware of that emotion.
That's why, at times, Fugaku finds his son admirable.
I couldn't accept the fact that I was losing, not as a father, but as a fellow man.
That's why I can't help but be disgusted with Itachi.
As a parent, I think it's too foolish.
However, no matter what, Fugaku's pride as a shinobi can't honestly rejoice at Itachi's promotion.
And my son was trying to get out of my hands...
「How's the dark club doing?」
Itachi stared at his smiling father with a wary look in his eyes.
「If you practice what you've been building up since you graduated from ninja school, then it's nothing.」
It's too exemplary an answer.
My son, who answered matter-of-factly, didn't seem to be speaking to his father, but rather to the one in charge of the young men in his family.
「Yashiro and Inabi aren't here.」
I tried my best to speak softly.
「I'm your father, and you're my son. That's all there is to this room.」
He's a smart kid.
With that, he seemed to understand his father's feelings.
But that doesn't change the fact that I'm only as honest as I was when I was five or six.
I lowered my guard a little. That's the least I can do.
Even so, the look in Itachi's eyes is much calmer than before.
「It's not really any different from when we weren't in the dark club.」
「Aren't you going to do some tough work?」
「It certainly is...」
And he kept his mouth shut.
Then she lowered her eyes for a moment and looked straight at her father again.
「Now that I'm a member of the dark club, I can't rely on you.」
「That's my child for you.」
When I was praising my son, I would always say these words. But when did I start to feel like I'd grown taller using them? Trying to keep my talented child in my category.
My child.
That's what it feels like.
I've already become a catchphrase. When I want to praise my son, words come before thoughts. That's why.
That's my kid for you.
After saying that, small, sharp thorns pierced her chest. And today, Fugaku felt a pain in his chest as well.
I spit out the words, trying to shake off the itchiness in my solar plexus.
「Don't worry about the meeting.」
「Huh?」
Father's words made my son look at me with surprise.
He probably expected to be reprimanded for his interactions with Yashiro and the others at the meeting.
Itachi was surprised as a result of that betrayal.
「It's not like everyone in the family has the same idea. They don't want to force us to think about it. I want you to be a man like Iwao, who will go against the flow of the current, rather than a pebble like you.」
「Father...」
「I won't change my mind. If you can't accept what Yashiro and the others have to say, then you should just be fair and square.」
「However, that meeting has an atmosphere that doesn't allow for that.」
A sigh escaped Fugaku's lips.
「It's as you say. The young people are so hot-headed that they can't see themselves anymore. And even if they eliminate those who don't sympathize with them, they're still trying to push onward to the things they believe in.」
「Father...」
Itachi kept his mouth shut.
「What? Say it clearly.」
「Yes.」
My son made up his mind and started talking.
「Father, do you have a different opinion?」
「I'm not.」
I swore it.
「I feel the same way as them. I'm just not young enough to get rid of different ideas.」
I could feel my son's disappointment in my hand.
「I see...」
The stone's already rolling.
There's nothing we can do about it now.
No, I didn't mean to.
Revolt is the only possibility left for the family.
But... I didn't want my son to obey by force.
「All you need to do is be pure in your own thoughts. You must hesitate, hesitate, and find the answer. And when you find an answer, never hesitate. Find the answer, and be prepared to carry it through. That's what it means to make a decision.」
「A decision...」
「That's right. There aren't many people in this world who live their lives making their own decisions. Everyone leaves their decisions to others and averts their eyes from their responsibilities. You shouldn't live that way. You should make your own decisions in your own life.」
Fugaku felt something hot deep in his eyes.
Trying not to let my son realize that, I desperately try to suppress the excitement in my heart.
「Understood.」
Itachi exhaled a small breath and turned his burning eyes on Father.
「I won't entrust the decision of my life to anyone else.」
「That's my child.」
For the first time in a while, fugaku was able to say these words honestly.
There's no pain in my chest.
Danzo didn't miss Hiruzen's eyebrows twitching slightly.
The official conference room of the hokage residence, where the budget policy for the administration of konohagakure village can be decided.
In addition to Hiruzen and Danzo, there were Koharu and Homura.
The basic policy will be decided at this meeting, and based on that, Hiruzen will adopt the official budget with the people responsible for the village administration.
「About the budget for this police force...」
Hiruzen took his eyes off the documents in his hand and looked at the other three.
He's got a proposal from danzo and the others.
「We have a proposal to reduce the budget considerably. What do you mean by that, Koharu?」
When he called my name, Koharu opened her narrow eyes slightly and looked at Hiruzen.
「It's already been seven years since the end of the war. The village's security has calmed down considerably. On top of that, it's become customary for the dark division to act when investigating important and violent crimes. The duty of the patrol unit is limited at the moment. Isn't there no need for budget like before?」
「Still, a 40 percent reduction is far too sudden. This will have some effect on the police force's personnel.」
As he looked at Hiruzen's bitter face, Mitomon Homura spoke up.
「Reconstruction of the Nine-Tails Vale has mostly ended, and construction of new facilities and the construction of wide roads is urgent. The ninja school, which has abolished the early graduation system, must be expanded soon. There shouldn't be enough money for the shrinking organization.」
「I know that. I know that, but if you only use the police force as an enemy, then...」
「You're going to provoke their dissatisfaction?」
Danzo spat out a few words, waited for the right moment, and kept going.
「Now then, is there any other department in this village that has a tendency to reduce their duties as conspicuously as the police force? The village's peace and the expansion of the dark division's duties. The cause of the reduction is clear. The police force can't do anything more than maintain order. And even that is doubtful if they're being faithfully carried out due to the negative feelings of dissatisfaction with the village. I think securing the current budget is just a spoiler. 」
「I'm not spoiling you. I'm protecting you.」
「Protected? Why do you need to protect those who don't have any problems working?」
「Because there are only a limited number of places for them to be active, depending on those who are prejudiced against their family, like you!」
Hiruzen stood up on his desk, Homura and Koharu watching him calmly.
Danzo didn't hold back the smile on his lips. He spoke to his old acquaintance, the third generation.
「You're prejudiced, so I'll protect you... Isn't that the act of segregating them and discriminating them?」
「What did you say...」
「It's because we have a job as a police force and the village guarantees us more than enough funding that our clan refuses to contact outsiders, and we sneak around by ourselves. Isn't it because you're isolated in the framework of the police force under the pretense of protection that they're able to grow the seeds of dissatisfaction within themselves?」
「The establishment and operation of the police force is the will of the late Second Master.」
「Don't you think that's an old idea?」
「The Great War is over, and the scars from the Nine-Tails Vale are beginning to heal. I think it's time for a change. What do you think?」
「No objections.」
Koharu voiced her agreement.
Homura nods silently in synchrony.
We've already laid the groundwork for the two of them. The three of them agree on reducing the budget for the police force.
Hiruzen is the only one out of the loop.
「What if my family's dissatisfaction explodes?」
「You're using cystics to prevent that, right?」
Danzo made a decisive move.
Hit him where it hurts, and Hiruzen's gonna bite him.
「Isn't that why you removed the young ninja from your normal duties, gave them a nominal position, and even gave them the authority to forgive a certain degree of arbitrary decisions?」
「Thirty percent...」
Hiruzen spoke hoarsely.
A bitter choice.
That's what we're supposed to do.
Danzo doesn't think it's possible to cut 40 percent.
I expected the reasonable line to be 30 percent.
「If we cut the budget by more than 30 percent, we won't be able to avoid backlash from the police.」
「I respect your decision, Hokage.」
At Danzo's intentional words, Hiruzen made a clearly disgusted face.
Shisui called me to the usual cliff.
It's already midnight.
The village and the settlement are both asleep.
Even so, the dark side keeping an eye on the settlement is still awake.
I've memorized all the security camera angles during the clan watch mission.
We've already devised a route that will allow us to move the settlement freely, using the small openings created by the cameras and camera angles.
I only told shisui about the dark division's surveillance and blind spot routes.
Shisui is the only trustworthy shinobi.
I will never divulge it to anyone else.
Shisui must have taken the blind spot route to the cliff too.
There's no one who knows about the two of them.
Itachi left the settlement and ran away from the security cameras.
The moon shines near the center of the sky.
Beneath the twinkling stars that look like they're about to fall, I run with all my might, choosing darkness.
The forest suddenly splits, and the cliff we're looking for appears. There's a figure at the end of the rough rock.
Standing with her back to me, she stares at the river flowing below the cliff.
Itachi ran up to her and stopped behind her.
「Sorry to keep you waiting.」
「I just got here too.」
Shisui's face was clearly haggard as he said that.
There's a faint kuma under her eyes, and her cheeks are slightly puckered.
His somewhat pointed chin looks more like a mark of overwork than an adult's growth.
「You look quite tired.」
「I've been through a lot...」
