tomorrow, kohinata mukai will take the first vacation in a month.
As soon as Danzo SHIMURA learned that fact from his mouth, Itachi strengthened his will to carry it out.
The arrangements will be made immediately, itachi, and while you're with us, the mission schedule for Sis-i will be changed.
It's from Danzo's difference.
tomorrow, itachi will kill the shinobi living in the same village...
You may be a traitor, but you're still one of us.
We're friends in the village.
If you say you don't have any hesitation in killing a man like that, you're lying.
But this is more important than any mission I've ever had in my life.
I can't refuse.
Mukai continued to strongly sympathize with the fact that he was a traitor who communicated with the hidden mist village and kept secrets from the hidden leaf village, and somehow managed to come to terms with his guilt.
I'm ready"
A cheerful voice broke the spirit of the Itachi clan.
Like you said, I've set up eight of them"
My brother smiled as he said that...
Give her a smile.
Morinonaka
Tomorrow's mission was decided, and itachi was resting"
i'm going to beg sasuke to help me train.
sasuke hid the target with the double circle in the trees.
One thing's for sure. You can't see it from the weasels.
Come on, Nii-san"
i can't hide my excitement. sasuke jumps up and down in a hurry.
Nodding, itachi gripped his kunai in both hands.
Put one between my fingers, and it'll be eight"
Eight iron claws flew out of my fist.
I'm going to hide my face, and I'm going to unify my mind a little.
And then, I poured the chakra I had accumulated deep in my stomach into my eyes.
Sharin's Eye...
The breath of the trees makes a ruckus.
I saw a small, circular foreign object in the pulsing of life.
Yatsu
One small breath, and itachi lightly kicked the ground.
I'm going to turn my head and my legs in midair.
It's because if you turn your body upside down, the center of gravity will stretch downward and stabilize you.
The more stable you are, the more accurate you are to control your Kuni.
close your eyes, imagine the eight targets in your brain
There were two things that didn't reach me from this place.
The most troublesome target is the one loosely rolled around the back of the huge rock in the front.
First, I threw four in my left hand at once.
I'm going to hit four targets in a relatively easy place.
this time, the two kunais holding the thumb to the middle finger of the right hand
I'm going to make sure it's all right.
There are two left.
itachi's body is still in the air.
It hasn't even been a second since I jumped up.
I hold one between my middle and ring finger in my left hand.
one kunai on each side.
Throw both arms at the same time.
I dared to lay the two Kunai orbits on top of each other.
The blades collided into each other in the air, making sharp metallic noises as they flew towards each other.
Landing site
The Sharin Eye is glowing with a red light.
As I slowly stand up, I sense my brother's presence before my eyes.
sasuke, who had been hiding behind a tree to avoid danger, pops up.
It seemed like she was dumbfounded by Itachi's arms, which pierced the center of all the targets.
She's staring at the back of the rock in front of her, her mouth still wide open.
There's the most troubling target there.
Of course, he'd gotten past that, too.
It's for this target's sake that the last two of them collided and changed their orbit.
Amazing, Nii-san! It's right in the middle of a blind spot behind a rock!!"
sasuke jumped out the back of the tree.
He's got kunai in his hands.
Seems she lost her mind when she saw my brother's arm, and couldn't stand it.
「Okay――Okay......even I!」
「......Sasuke, let's go home.」
sasuke suddenly stops moving.
His face was filled with dissatisfaction as he turned to his brother.
Didn't I tell you I'd teach you how to use a new shuriken?"
I promised, but I've fulfilled my end of the bargain by showing you in front of my eyes.
「I have an important mission tomorrow, so I need to prepare for it.」
I'm mainly prepared for this.
My brother averts his gaze, pouting"
Her cool eyes, beneath her knitted eyebrows, were warped to the point of beginning to cry at any moment.
.. Nii-san's liar"
I'm not angry that you didn't teach me shuriken.
He's angry that the time he spends with his brother has been interrupted.
if itachi can also do it, i want to train with sasuke to my heart's content
But tomorrow's mission wasn't easy enough to forgive.
Itachi's the one who wants to cry...
I beckoned to my brother, who looked at my brother with resentful eyes, even though he was averting his face.
My brother's face was clouded with joy.
Sasuke rushes up to me with happy footsteps echoing in the forest.
「Forgive me, Sasuke......I'll see you later.」
Saying that, I thrust my index finger out, and hit the forehead of the sasuke who came running.
“Ouch!”
sasuke closes his eyes and shouts softly.
The mouth that looked up at my brother was tied to the letter 'to'.
sasuke is always planning something when he looks like this.
Nii-san, look"
sasuke, who crosses his hands and holds kunai, smiles daringly.
“Too――――!”
sasuke flew towards the target before itachi could stop him.
Hey! If you do something reckless...
In front of the yelling Itachi, Sasuke twists his ankles and hits the ground from head to toe.
On the way home
He carries a injured sasuke on his foot and walks through the hidden leaf village to our village.
As I feel my brother's warmth on my back, time passes.
the presence of sasuke on my back made a small ripple.
Itachi stopped and looked over his shoulder at his brother.
“What's wrong?”
Right here... where Dad works.
「This is the headquarters of the Konoha Police Department.」
As he looked up at the giant, circular concrete building, Itachi answered his brother's question indifferently.
I've been wondering"
Why is my family's family crest on the police force's emblem"
What... did you notice...?
Isn't that obvious?"
Sasuke's voice answers, as if he's standing on his tiptoes, and the edge of his mouth collapses naturally.
Yeah... To put it simply, the predecessors of the family were the ones who organized and founded this police force. That's why they put their family crests on the symbol of this organization. Our family has been keeping the peace in this village for a long time now. Our family's family crests are proof of that proud family"
Itachi spoke while avoiding as difficult words as he could to satisfy his brother's desire to know something.
My brother listened to my brother's words in silence.
Our family has become smaller, but even now, almost all of us are in the 1st squad here, contributing to the maintenance of the village's security"
There are exceptions like Sisie.
in the case of sisie, i heard that a request was made by the village shinobi who highly valued their excellence.
If I join the police force, I'll be extremely few to interact with outside ninjas, and I'll be completely part of the family.
due to the begging of the village ninja who were afraid of that, shisui was on duty at the scene.
but itachi cut it off in his thoughts, not to explain it to sasuke.
「Only the best shinobi can crack down on crimes committed by shinobi.」
and... the only one who can calm the fight created by shinobi is an even better shinobi.
Nii-san, are you coming in here too"
My brother's innocent question pierces my heart.
I'm not going in...
The real answer came to my throat.
“I wonder...”
I can't tell my brother that I'm going to go into the dark for the sake of a family that's dissatisfied with the village.
itachi had no choice but to speak ill of it.
That's right"
My brother screamed in a carefree voice, who didn't know anything about the dark circumstances of an adult.
That glittering purity grips my chest.
When I grow up... I'll join the police force too!!!
We're brothers, we're in the police force, we're on a mission.
Dreamy days.
But that day will never come...
Itachi will go to the dark.
Even if I was in an environment where I could join the police force, I wouldn't have taken it lightly.
I have a dream of losing the war on this earth.
For the dream to come true, the vigilante was too small"
Dad will come to the entrance ceremony tomorrow. It's the first step in my dream"
My brother's dream is to work with him as a shinobi in the police force...
I'm happy to hear that, but...
That dream won't come true.
.. You're right"
itachi only had a vague answer.
When we arrived at the gate separating our village and village, I suddenly felt a presence by the wall.
You're late... What were you doing? I need to talk to you"
My father saw itachi with his arms crossed.
Let's hurry home"
Yes"
Nodding to itachi for an answer, my father begins to walk in front of me.
Itachi moved his heavy foot, still carrying his brother, as if to follow his unwavering trail to the house straight ahead.
How long has it been since I've had the pleasure of facing my father?
I know the answer.
but itachi didn't want to accept that answer.
My father's room
before itachi and sasuke sit side by side, there is my father crossing his arms.
I heard it's tomorrow"
My father cut me off all of a sudden.
itachi can feel his heart beating violently.
I knew what my father meant.
he's referring to tomorrow's mukai assassination.
That's making my heart beat faster.
How much does my father know?
And who told you about the mission?
there is a vague answer to the latter question.
Only someone who's close to Danzo can ask that.
why did danzo leak information about the mission to my father?
Suspicions call for suspicion, and it disturbs our hearts.
「Huhu......that's my child......I came this far only six months after I was promoted to Chunin.」
itachi is watching my father silently.
sasuke looked at his brother with worried eyes.
「About tomorrow's special mission......I've decided to come with you.」
My chest throbbed the most.
However, the shaking of her brother's heart sitting next to her was far more intense than that.
My father's too busy with his family to remember how important tomorrow is for his brother.
It makes me angry at my father.
「If this mission succeeds, itachi...your enlistment in the underworld will be decided.」
The father's eyes were crimson as he gazed at his son, who remained silent.
You know what I mean...
only one person was allowed to accompany mukai's assassination.
I've already told Danzo that Sisie will accompany me.
If he doesn't know that fact, he doesn't even know the details of the mission.
Someone must have told her the schedule for the mission.
even though he hates the village, he is toyed with by information brought from the village.
I couldn't help but feel sorry for him.
A mission that requires determination.
Only Sisie could be with him.
I will never allow my father's intervention.
You don't have to worry so much. More importantly...
i saw sasuke.
The smart little brother smiles while stifling his own emotions, as if he wanted to cry out loud right away.
It's okay, Nii-san...
It sounded like I could hear my brother's heart.
Itachi smiles, puts words in his eyes.
Say it... Tomorrow's an important day for you, right?
I push my small back with a strained gaze.
Dad... Tomorrow's my...
Tomorrow's mission will be an important one for the family"
My brother's courage was crushed by my father's hard-core words, who only cared about his family.
and sasuke, desperately trying to hold back his tears, lowered his face with a frozen expression.
My anger at my father is more than I can handle.
Is your family that important to you?
You don't care about my brother?
All I see is the future of my family.
I don't think I care about my son trying to go on a death-defying mission.
Not to mention, I don't see my brother anywhere.
How can I win against the hidden leaf village with such a narrow understanding?
I don't like everything.
“I'll give up tomorrow's mission.”
!? What are you talking about!? You should know how important tomorrow is! What on earth are you saying!"
「Tomorrow we're going to follow the entrance ceremony to Sasuke's Ninja School.」
My father held his breath.
It was then that my father remembered his son's schedule for tomorrow.
And yet again, I couldn't help but get angry...
I was sad.
「It's customary for relatives to attend the entrance ceremony of the Ninja School. There was a notice too, right......Father?」
I'm serious about abandoning the mission.
From the bottom of my heart, there's no lie.
My father seemed to understand itachi's true feelings.
After a moment of silence, my father let out a small sigh of exasperation.
「......I understand now......I'm going to Ninja School.」
He stood up, saying that, and started walking towards the table where my mother was waiting.
itachi and sasuke will also leave the room and follow
There's a dry sound of deer intimidated in the yard.
itachi knew that my father would definitely attend sasuke's entrance ceremony.
my son's enlistment in the underworld is the first step towards achieving his family's wish.
i can't throw you off at sasuke's entrance ceremony.
I didn't want my father to come with me on my mission, so I was seriously going to attend Sasuke's entrance ceremony.
It's not that I was tired of everything, or that I wanted to go to Ninja School.
However, it was not that I had given up on completing the mission with Sisie.
Entering the dark is not a clue to the clan's wish.
It's a small step towards achieving the Itachi dream of becoming the best shinobi in the world to eliminate all conflict.
I didn't want to give it up.
That's why I used my brother...
I'm disappointed in myself.
Although his father's entrance ceremony has been decided, Sasuke feels responsible for making the atmosphere between his brother and his father grim, and quietly follows itachi.
While looking over her shoulder at her brother, Itachi opened his mouth to hide his feelings of guilt.
Your left leg... keep it cool"
Didn't her smile show any signs of convulsions as she said that?
“Yeah...”
My brother answers with a complicated expression.
itachi couldn't find the words to say that to sasuke.
It's not too much to say that I'm alive for this guy"
Kohinata Mukai said that in front of itachi, who held her breath, and spit out cigarette smoke in the sky.
Without tobacco in hand, there's a silver bottle full of liquor"
There are more than ten Shinobi hiding in the fog lying around the three of us.
He's already out cold.
all by itachi and sisie.
「Shut up and surrender, you little Hyuga Mukai. Hokage-sama is tolerant of those who turn themselves in. He won't kill you.」
the sisie standing next to itachi said
The Sharin-eyed Mitsutomo was already in her eyes.
Mukai had a cynical smile on his face as he cast his eyes downward so as not to see it.
「Speaking of witty shit, it's a well-known shinobi. Even so, if you only walk in sunny places, can you feel anything but that? Or......」
Suddenly stopped, mukai tilted the silver bottle"
Are you still just a kid"
My right eye opens wide, mukai smirks"
That condescending demeanor creased Sisie's brow.
You know what I did, right? If that's the case, you know whether I'll be allowed to turn myself in or not.
I'm gonna flip my thumb and I'm gonna drop the ashes.
It's an honor for us to have two geniuses as assassins"
I threw a cigarette in my pocket.
I'll cover the silver bottle and put it in my vest pocket.
At this rate, it'll be dangerous"
muttering mukai's chakra increased rapidly.
the shadow clones have returned.
At the same time that mukai chakra increased, itachi removed his shadow clone who was watching Konoha Hospital.
My son's probably mad now that he knows that the old man he was talking about was a shadow clone"
Mukai wiped his head and glared at the two in front of him.
I need to go home and make excuses"
She lowered her hips deeply, and displayed her unique stance with her hands raised to chest height.
「Why would a ninja like you become a spy?」
There's a lot going on when it comes to Pops. And that sort of thing can't be understood until you get old. So even if I tell you now, you won't understand even half of it"
If you die, what will become of the sick son?
That's why I can't die in a place like this. Even if I kill you.
there are countless streaks around the left eye of mukai.
“Your eyes are white!”
By the time itachi yelled, Sisie had already jumped backwards and made it in time.
I can't go easy on you, so forgive me"
i heard a mukai voice in itachi's ear as he stood still.
I can't make it in time.
The right and left palms attack Itachi's throat and sternly at the same time at tremendous speed.
I thrust my hand into her stomach and bent my index and middle fingers inside her body.
Hmph"
Mukai's hand pulls out his intestines, spitting out a spirited breath.
At that moment...
Itachi, who stood there with his belly torn open, turned into a great many crows.
Mukai didn't avoid the beak that attacked him himself. He survived as if nothing had happened.
Sisie sneaks up behind him.
Fire Arts and Fire Arts'
From Sisie's mouth, who made a quick mark, a flaming ball was spit out, enough to take the mumbo jumbo"
Mukai confronted the fireball with his right hand still held out in front of his face.
Direct hit.
No. No.
The ball of fire broke in half in front of the mukai.
He didn't seem to have done anything.
but that doesn't mean he's wearing a special qi.
In front of the mukai, the fireball itself looked like it was broken by itself.
If you can control a soft fist that cuts off the enemy's chakra, that means you know the flow well. The jutsu is a lump of chakra. If you can read the flow, it won't be too difficult to break it"
Mukai happily gave a lecture and ran to Sisie.
Sisie clouded my face.
even though shisei himself has more physical skills than any other person, his opponent is a master of soft fist.
it's not on the level of taijutsu.
I couldn't help but cloud my face.
Itachi has a great view of everything that's going on up until now.
within the territory of the fire country, which was about three hours north of konohagakure
Three men are fighting in a small basin surrounded by a small hill.
There were many places where a single person could hide in a rocky mountain that didn't even grow a single plant.
Itachi hides behind a well-made rock, watching over their fight"
shadow clones were the only ones who confronted mukai.
Itachi hasn't left this place since the beginning.
the opponent is a soft fist user.
It's too hard to take down in close quarters.
A battle is decided by a single blow from a distance.
Sharin's eye is an eye technique.
put chakra in your eye and put your opponent in the jutsu.
In other words, as long as your eyes are within reach, you'll be able to instigate the enemy.
Cross-examination of the line of sight doesn't happen only in the subconscious.
Thinking it's a casual view, the enemy looks around"
As long as the visual axis is exactly the same as the user's, we can create a situation where the eyes intersect without the user noticing.
Itachi was waiting for that moment.
And for that, Sisie dares to fight dangerously close to each other and struggles to match the position of the Mukai to that of the Itachis.
If only I could activate the Sharin-eyed pupil jutsu, I should be able to do something about it"
As long as you make a small crack in Mukai's heart, you can use it as a starting point to gradually erode his pupils.
The problem is the first blow.
you have experience and you can feel the flow of chakra as visual.
Mukai, who is a master ofwhite eye knows at last what kind of Sharin-gan is"
It was a plan to destroy it.
The Sisie, who barely managed to push Mukai's left thrust, bent her body backwards.
Mukai closes the gap as if it's an opportunity.
and flew backwards so that the sisie could flip.
At that moment, the mukai's face turned toward the shadow of the rock where itachi hid.
but we haven't crossed the line yet.
Mukai suddenly averted his eyes from the landing sisie.
i activated the sharingan eye.
Sisie's Sharin Eye is a diversion.
Mukai averted his gaze in the direction of the shadow of the rock where itachi hid.
The sharp eyes of Itachi, who was conscious of her enemy, and the eyes of a mukai, who unconsciously captured the scenery...
It was supposed to be.
Just a hair's breadth away, mukai suddenly kicked off the ground"
That's a hell of a jump.
When you land, you kick another rock and jump.
They know where we are.
In the next moment, the mukai realized the existence of the weasel with his white-eyed ability.
Perhaps that's when he realized that Sharin's eyes were activated.
To confirm your own hunch, or to drag itachi into battle.
anyway mukai jumps straight to the rock where itachi hides
Itachi won't miss the sissy who stands behind it laughing.
Sisie's gone.
the next thing that appeared was right in front of mukai.
「Tch!」
A mukai with its tongue smashed, knocked to the ground"
Sissy's kick explodes in his face.
Cranial's broken.
As he thought that, what appeared in his eyes was a broken log.
“A shadow clone?!”
“That's right...”
I heard a mukai behind itachi, yelling softly"
The posture of soft fists
Hakke Nisho"
The left and right palms of the abdomen are repeatedly struck.
Hakke shisho"
I didn't have time to breathe, and this time four.
Hakke hassho"
Mukai's counterattack mercilessly assaults mercilessly, as if ridiculing itachi's thoughts as he searches for a starting point for a counterattack.
「Uuooooooooooooooooo!」
I heard a sad voice coming from the right side of the mukai.
The blind spot with the white eyes.
At the edge of Itachi's hazy vision, the figure of Sisie, who threw a flying kick, swayed.
“Shhhh...”
The only reason I had time to mutter is because Mukai took defensive positions.
No. No.
The worddefense is easy"
Mukai evaded me just by tilting his head, grabbed Sisie's head with his left hand, and lifted her up high.
Mukai supported the strong young man's body with only his arms.
Sissy's neck is strangled, but she's desperately struggling.
But the five fingers that sunk into my throat didn't come off easily.
It's called 'training' to overcome weaknesses"
 Covering the blind spot in one eye with taijutsu was the first step in my training. Don't underestimate Pops too much, brats"
「Kohinata Mukai......」
Itachi unconsciously called out the name of the mighty enemy in front of him.
that leg is stepping forward without even realizing it.
“What? You want me to kill you?”
it was a situation where it could have been taken.
I want to be shot by a soft fist and cut off the flow of chakra in my body. I don't know what kind of counterattack I'll have left on itachi.
Moving on without a plan is an act that can be judged to be barbaric.
But my feet won't stop moving.
I don't remember ordering you, but you're walking straight to the mukai"
「In that case, I will make you feel at ease as you wish.」
「Guuuuu!」
Mukai put strength into the hand holding Sisie's head.
i'm going to crush the buddha.
Stop it"
Sharin's eyes sparkled in the eyes of the yelling Itachi.
「There's no way that obvious genjutsu could reach me.」
the mukai who said that averted his eyes from itachi
In front of her... was the face of her best friend.
Mangekyo Sharingan...
Sisie whispered that.
The eyes of my friend, who has changed to red, have a different shape than any other Sharin-gan I've ever seen.
A small dot is drawn in the center of Tomoe's eyes, and a magatama-like spot appears in a circle that can be said to be the outer circle.
Power may vary depending on the number of magatama, but this shape itself was common among the clans.
but that's not the sisie.
Mitsutomo's magatama became massive and connected, and the small sunspot in the center of her eyes disappeared, forming a red cavity.
If the average ratio of red to black in the Sharin-eyed eye was about eight to two, that of the Sis-eyed eye would look like a five against five.
Perhaps the intersection of Sisie's gaze and Mukai's was less than a thousandth of a second.
It's just a matter of time before the normal Sharin's eye can see it.
Sisie won't miss that moment.
There's no doubt that Mukai was involved in genjutsu...
Mukai"
Sisie screamed dumbfounded when she was released.
In front of her was Mukai, who fell down with a spray of blood from her stomach.
itachi stands still and watches it.
He cut his own belly.
The moment Sisie activated the Sharingan, Mukai's body stiffened slightly, and when he took the kunai out of his pocket, he tore his stomach to pieces.
Get a hold of yourself, Mukai"
Sisie crouched down and yelled as she held the head of the mukai.
「A spy from another village... If her brain interferes with it, she'll be able to kill herself. She won't be able to save herself.」
Blood gushes from the coughing mukai's mouth.
I-I've never seen anyone use pupils at that time... What the hell is that"
Sisie won't answer.
“So this is our secret art...”
Itachi spoke to Mukai out of concern for Sisie, who was besieged.
Anything you want to say"
「Th-this is what happened......I-I decided what I did on my own......It has nothing to do with my wife or kids......」
「Are you saying betrayal is a crime of your own?」
It's a good story"
My trembling hands are looking for something in my pocket.
itachi took out what he wanted so he could push away his mukai fingers.
Pick a cigarette out of the box and hold it out to the mumbo jumbo.
“I-I'll light the fire...”
This time, Sisie took the lighter out of her pocket, lit the tip of the cigarette"
I held a cigarette in my mouth, took a deep breath, poured it all the way down to the bottom of my lungs, and the mukai breathed out a puff of smoke as if tasting it"
「The shinobi's death is like this...... I'll wait over there first......」
The palm of my hand, still holding the cigarette between my fingers, falls off, and the mukai stops moving.
It's over"
Sisie said as her voice trembled from exhaustion.
Itachi nodded without saying a word.
About that Sharin-gan"
Could you not tell the villagers"
Sisie murmurs, staring at Mukai's face.
Yeah"
Mangekyo Sharingan...
Sisie's eyes reflected that deformed Sharin-eyed pattern once again.
When the time comes, I'll tell you everything"
My friend felt irresistible charm from the unknown power hidden within him.
“Roban, huh...”
Itachi stared at Danzo as he muttered that as he dropped his eyes on the documents.
It was Danzo's room in the mansion given to him by the root.
As he sat in front of the ebony desk, he leaned his left elbow against the elbow and held the documents in his right hand, never looking away from itachi.
The captain is a scarecrow, isn't he"
Yes"
Itachi gave a simple answer.
I've been wondering about the man next to Danzo for a while now.
He's a root in a white tiger's mask.
it's not that there's a clear reason for what.
It's just that I'm kind of curious about the guy.
The eyes on the back of the round hole on the white side of her face have been staring at me like I'm trying to sleep.
That sly gaze somehow stirs my heart.
“That man is excellent.”
Danzo told me to be sure.
Kakashi Hatake...
He saved me just a little while after itachi became a shinobi.
On a mission to protect the Fire Lord, an unidentified man attacked and killed Tenma of the same unit"
Itachi, who still hadn't opened his Sharin-eyed eye, was prepared to die from the overwhelming difference in power.
But the man murmured the name of the scarecrow and disappeared.
I still don't understand why the man disappeared at the time.
But the man murmured the scarecrow's name and disappeared.
Is that because you're afraid of his power, or is there some other reason?
That man has darkness. That's the most important element to the underworld"
Darkness...
Do you have it?
Itachi asks himself.
Don't worry. You have plenty of darkness"
Danzo said, as if he'd seen through my heart"
I'm not surprised at how many times we've already met.
As long as you have the ability to acquaint yourself with other people's mental state, it's possible for you to get ahead of yourself in your thinking with a certain amount of conjecture.
Danzou is just using that technology.
I've prepared a transfer gift"
As Danzo says that, he throws the file on his desk and stands up"
Putting the ebony chair under the same desk, I stood next to the tiger and saw itachi.
And when I put my hand on the man's shoulder, he smiled cheerfully for once.
I'm going to lend this man to the gang"
Danzo's roots were also part of the underworld, but he was completely cut off from the underworld under the direct control of the third hokage in terms of the chain of command and leadership.
Therefore, itachi heard that there was no need for them to exchange information or exchange personnel frequently in the underworld.
“Don't worry, we've obtained Hiruzen's permission.”
Danzo spat out words that seemed to see right through his heart again.
Itachi's a brazen word, no matter how many times I hear it"
This is the first time I've heard of it. It's the first time I've heard of it"
Suddenly, the tiger's face spoke.
It was a hard voice to hear, mixed with dry, rustling sounds at the corners of her voice, as if she was choking on something.
Sugaru had a serious illness in his throat when he was a child, and since then, he hasn't been able to speak well"
I need to talk to you. I don't need to talk to you. I don't need to talk to you. I don't need to talk to you"
There was something wrong with his voice, but he spoke in a light tone.
Looks like he's got a nice personality.
You can use this man as your limbs"
Hands and feet"
Okay"
Sugal answered the question I asked Danzo"
「I am theroot person. Danzo-sama's order is absolute. I am prepared to give my life to someone younger than me.」"
i'm suguru, who says it's ironic.
itachi stares at danzou without even smiling.
「I can live in the dark on my own.」
Don't take it too seriously. In the end, Sughar was lent to you from the bottom of his heart. He doesn't even know the cause and effect of your relationship with you. As long as you don't mind Sughar, that's fine. But Sughar will always protect you"
「Safety? Are you saying someone is after me?」
I'm only 11 years old when I'm the first one in the dark. It's a title worthy of envy and envy"
True, when I met the band, I was christened by my mates on the way to the proving ground"
I don't mean to hit you directly, but kunai's fallen from the void indefinitely"
it's a silent pressure like it's interfering with the way to the training ground.
Itachi walked out indifferently, neither avoiding nor defending it.
Scarecrow admonished him for noticing what his friends had done, but there was no one who truly repented.
I'm buying you. I don't want to die young because of the jealousy of my friends"
“No matter who attacks us...”
「Don't underestimate the dark ninja.」
Danzo stops itachi's words.
The more people who don't like us, the closer they get to the center of the village. It wouldn't be strange for some people to try to kill you, making it look like they'd die during the mission. What do you think of our family if you die"
No way"
I'm saying it's possible that something like that might happen"
Danzo nodded in agreement with Itachi's idea.
Itachi dies on duty.
my father suspects that it's a conspiracy of the villagers.
Itachi's death will be a good trigger for those who are discontent with their family.
As soon as I thought my death might trigger the coup d'etat, Itachi felt a chill running down his spine.
You've already become a responsible person for both the village and our family"
I left Sughar, turned around my desk, stood in front of itachi, and Danzo gently touched his shoulder"
You must become a bridge connecting the village and the family, so please live long, itachi"
Danzo said the same thing to my father.
The hidden leaf village and my family...
Is that a parallel being?
there should be a family among the people who live in hidden leaf village.
In that case, isn't it unnatural for the two of us to have a relationship in the first place? Why doesn't Konoha have complete control over our family?
Why are my people so displeased with the village when they're allowed autonomy?
Beings that connect the two
In my father's opinion, pipe.
Danzo says it's a bridge.
They're both together.
I'll protect your life. Don't worry and fulfill your duties as a dark side. Itachi"
As Danzo spoke with satisfaction...
Itachi returns a small bow and leaves the room immediately.
It's been a while...
Izumi said, still looking down.
There's a itachi in a small park in a clan village.
It was the evening after the transfer to Kurabe was completed safely and the report to Danzo was completed.
When I stood at the entrance to the village, I met Izumi, who had returned from her mission.
Instead of asking them out, they naturally turned to the park.
Izumi is alone on the swing, and itachi is sitting on the bench behind her.
I'm sorry about that"
Back then"
When Itachi asked me that...
Izumi looks over her shoulder as she swings the swings.
Here, at the teahouse in the village...
I remember now.
Izumi's apologizing for running away in anger.
Come to think of it, we haven't talked alone since that time.
There's been a lot going on since then, and to be honest, I didn't have time to think about Izumi.
That's why up until now, I've completely forgotten what happened at the teahouse.
In the first place, even if you apologize now, itachi wasn't angry at all at that time, so it's not even a matter of forgiveness.
“I'm sorry too.”
「Why are you apologizing, Itachi-kun?」
I didn't think Izumi would be that troubled"
「Fufuu...」
Izumi turned around and began to row the swing.
What"
I thought it was just like you"
Izumi said in a cheerful tone like she was in a good mood.
Itachi can't keep up with the sudden change in his feelings.
At this rate, he'll still be upset, so itachi tries to change the subject.
「How is your mission?」
Compared to Itachi-kun, it's no big deal"
saying that, izumi kicked the swing and flew into the air.
it rotates forward and lands neatly.
Izumi turned around with both her slender hands spread out to the left and right.
It's convenient to take care of the wife of a daimyo and help move the government office in the land of fire"
“I see...”
itachi's mouth collapsed naturally.
I was relieved to hear that Izumi hadn't gone through a dangerous mission.
I didn't want to look at the answer to why I was relieved.
itachi thinks he's still halfhearted as a shinobi.
That's why I didn't have time to take Izumi seriously.
I want to walk the same path as the person I love"
i know how you feel when you say that and leave.
But I can't answer that.
「Hey, Itachi-kun.」
What"
「If...... If you hadn't become a ninja, what would have become of Itachi-kun?」
I never even thought about it"
itachi was born to shinobi's parents.
and there was no question that he would become a ninja.
I also believe that only a ninja can possess the power necessary to grant the dream of a world without conflict.
that's why i couldn't think of any other way besides shinobi.
“I see...”
Izumi hung her head sadly.
I heard you joined the dark club"
Did you hear"
There's no one in the village I don't know"
the dark part is a highly confidential department.
the village demanded that the shinobi who belonged to the village should not reveal their identity as much as possible.
Itachi's position as a member of the underworld has already spread throughout the settlement...
The strength of the clan's bonds can be heard, but is it really okay to let the information leak this far? What if the villagers hear us talking about a coup d'etat so easily?
「Hey, Itachi-kun.」
izumi's voice brings itachi back to reality.
I'm scared"
Like what"
It feels like Itachi-kun is going further and further away...
i was shocked all of a sudden.
Izumi's head is under her neck.
“I-Izumi...”
I-I'm sorry, Itachi-kun. But, let me stay like this for a little while longer"
Itachi couldn't help but wait for Izumi to calm down.
We're only 11 years old... And yet, you're already... Hey, where are you going"
I'm not going anywhere"
I think...
Itachi took the last words.
Didn't I make a bit of a blunder"
The fox-faced man stood beside the plain door.
He's standing on the opposite side of the door.
The man kept his cool words to the weasel, who remained silent.
「Just because you're in the dark doesn't mean it's always a dangerous mission. Protecting the Hokage is a splendid mission.」
I understand"
Itachi answered indifferently.
Her face, like a man's, is covered in the face of a fox.
While the man's mask is suspended, the hole in which the weasel's eyes are opened is round.
The name of the man with the hanging mask is Kakashi HATAKE.
he's the captain of the dark division and the boss under itachi's direct command.
He was only around 20 years old, but he has already been an elite in the village for eight years.
He was able and trusted by the Hokage.
Itachi's known this man for a long time.
When Tenma died...
It was this scarecrow that came to help.
If the scarecrow had appeared earlier, Tenma might not have died.
shinobi values only reality and results.
The fact that Tenma's dead is irreversible. It's too late for that now.
I didn't mean to bring any grudges to her, thinking about `if'.
Did you learn the basic tactics behind the scenes"
the scarecrow asked me a safe question.
he's a good boss who cares about the feelings of his new subordinates.
Killing my friends.
Those who speak ill of scarecrows always say that.
I've heard it many times since itachi joined the dark side.
However, that was all the words of those who depended on their subordinates, who were older than scarecrows.
nothing but slander by jealousy and jealousy.
Captain Scarecrow would kill his friends to complete his mission...
The faces of those who insulted him were always ugly.
Even now, she's still in the dark looking out for itachi who hasn't had much time left, and she's working hard to find a way to start a conversation.
It's all in my head"
That's impressive"
For Itachi, who read through a book on the operation of Shinobi's platoon, the tactical system peculiar to the underworld was very interesting.
Formancer, three-mancer, two-mancer.
in the end, even the way you treat yourself alone
Under all the circumstances that Shinobi would encounter in the mission, it always covers practical tactics to seek out the possibility of mission completion from an aggressive position.
From diversions to distractions to defensive formations to coordination, everything was dedicated to defeating the enemy, completing the mission"
Itachi read a thick combat book specializing in the dark in one night in order to be driven by intellectual curiosity.
「I've been called one of the brightest ninja schools in the country.」
What is it that the youngest graduate is saying"
「When I graduated, I was in the middle of a great war and needed shinobi for everything, so this is different.」
speaking of which, the system of today's ninja school is different from when itachi graduated.
When Itachi graduated, there was still the Great War.
As a result, there were skipping classes as long as they were recognized, and they graduated early.
However, now that peace has been restored, Hokage's will to raise Shinobi with care over many years meant that he can no longer graduate in a short period of time as he used to.
as a result, no matter how talented sasuke is, he can't become a shinobi unless he turns eleven.
It's just in my head. If I don't work with my friends, I won't be able to say I learned anything"
You'll be fine"
kakashi said as if he'd seen it.
There's no sense of excessive expectation, lethargy, or irresponsibility in that tone.
It was a very natural tone.
That's why it's so mysteriously persuasive.
I hope you'll be proud of the dark side of this place"
Thank you very much"
You can trust your boss...
There was something about a man named Scarecrow that made me think that.
No matter how many times I come here, I can't like this place...
Itachi took a deep breath out of his nose at the shrine where the hot air reigned.
We are surrounded by our own kind.
it's a regular meeting
there was also izumi, who had become a lowlife.
itachi, a young man, is on the lower seat.
the same year, izumi was sitting in the same row with a few other people.
It's hard to move with her face down, as if she's being overpowered by the excessive heat.
I'd like to speak to her, but in contrast to the heat, the shrine building was silent, and there was silent pressure that prevented her from acting rashly.
Then let's begin"
My father, who was sitting in the front row, stood up and turned his body to everyone else.
Everyone holds their breath and awaits his words.
It was as if he was religious forefathers and believers.
A leader who bears the grudge of his entire family...
that was the dark face of itachi's father, fugaku.
「My son, Itachi, has officially joined the underworld. He has already begun to carry out his duties as the underworld.」
A quiet cheer resounded throughout the shrine.
With this, our family has a connection to the center of the village. From now on, we won't just receive it from the village, but we'll also explore it as well"
It wasn't my father who did it.
Itachi.
My father called my son's name.
Itachi stood up without making a sound and waited for his father to say something.
Have you noticed anything since you joined the underworld"
It's a very vague question that confuses us.
The villagers are prejudiced against the clan, and they don't like it.
That's probably what my father wants.
In fact, my Dark Brothers aren't welcome to join the Weasels, and some harass me with this.
But it's hard to say that it's just because we're family.
The youth of the Itachis, who are 11 years old, is one of the reasons that irritates them.
It's true that the people of the village are wary of the clan and don't like it"
「That's right!」
As I spat out the words that came to my father's desired answer, a sympathizing voice rose from within the seat.
“But...”
Itachi continued, giving weight to his voice, as if to restrain the careless onlookers.
Even so, I don't feel any aggressive revulsion that would persecute the family. I think their emotions are just a kind of jealousy and jealousy"
Only my father's right eyelids, which I had heard with my arms folded, raised and trembled.
Sometimes the jealousy and jealousy you call it will bring forth a great wave of emotion"
My fellow countrymen start making a ruckus, as my father has said.
Itachi spat out words with all his strength in his stomach, as if to separate the voices of the crowd.
If you continue to make false predictions like that, no matter what happens, it'll be reduced to a negative phenomenon"
A man stood up, as if to stand in front of a father glaring at his son without saying a word.
I'm Yashiro, my father's confidant.
Hey, itachi"
Yashiro calls out to me with bloodthirsty eyes.
itachi kept silent and continued to look at his stomach.
You're really supporting the village, aren't you? Whose side are you on, the village or the family? You joined the underworld, didn't you"
It's better not to put things into words...
What"
Enemies... allies... When you distinguish things with words, you lose sight of your true feelings"
You'll have to step into a place you don't need to step on"
I don't have time for incomprehensible answers. Which side are you on? I'm itachi"
Yashiro's angry roar calms the shrine.
Isn't it obvious...?
Still glaring at my father's stomach, Itachi continued.
I'm a member of the family.
Can I have a word"
On the way home, after the meeting, Sis-Itachi stopped me, walking away from my father"
The father, suspicious of his son who stopped, looked back and noticed his best friend.
“What's wrong, Sissy?”
“I just wanted to talk to your son.”
the fugaku who alternated between shisii and itachi
Don't be too late"
Saying that, she started walking alone at night.
“Shhhh...”
When we were alone, Itachi called his friend's name.
「I understand your feelings to the point where it hurts.」
My best friend furrows her brows as she says that, as if she's frustrated from the bottom of her heart.
Yashiro is the leader of the coup d'etat supporters. To him, everyone in the village is his enemy"
I can't stop hearing the reckless words I've been showered with.
As if to avert his eyes from the image of Yashiro in his mind, Itachi hid his face.
I started to move, just like you did in the dark.
What do you mean"
He negotiated directly with Hokage-sama, and gained the authority to investigate the internal affairs of the clan on his own"
i wonder what it means to investigate the family's internal affairs.
Sisie opened her mouth as if she had realized that the words she couldn't understand immediately made her hesitate.
「I left my normal duties to prevent the clan from activating any more unsettling behavior. The clan's discontent erupted. To prevent that from happening, I made my own judgment and became a member of the underworld. But that's only nominal, and I'm under the direct control of the Hokage-sama.That's why your father doesn't know about me, and there aren't many people inside.」
You can't be Hokage-sama...
Don't worry, I didn't even mention the coup d'etat"
It was obvious that if the village knew about the clan's conspiracy, they wouldn't be able to keep each other in check like they are now.
「Itachi, from within this organization called the Underworld, I'll continue to fight to stop the family's violent outburst from under the direct control of Hokage-sama.」
I won't forget my promise to you no matter what"
Sisie holds out her fist.
itachi stuck out his fist in order to match.
We have to stop the coup d'etat no matter what.
The sound of her hard-core voice...
Itachi nodded in agreement.
A vision I didn't want to believe unfolded in front of me.
There's a windowless room in the basement of a building given to us by the dark. It's full of monitors.
what was reflected there were many familiar landscapes for itachi.
The Nine-Tails Incident... The higher-ups in the village suspected the clan's involvement"
itachi listened while looking at the monitor as the scarecrow beside him spoke.
「The higher-ups weren't satisfied with just sequestering the settlement at the edge of the village, so they began to monitor the settlement for twenty-four hours in secret.」
Is that this room"
「That's right.」
Countless buttons and levers in front of the monitor allow my friends in the dark to manipulate the screen.
Even though I couldn't see their faces in their masks, I could see their relaxed expressions.
That's how they keep their eyes peeled.
It's understandable.
From my friends' point of view, it's just a monotonous mission to stare at the monitor.
I don't even care how serious that is for my family.
Were you able to see everything?
There's no need to check everything, but this is...
“I understand. I will not report this to my family.”
There's no way I can say that.
Father's anger will only get worse if he learns that every inch of the settlement is being watched 24 hours a day.
They're making a fuss about a coup d'etat, so I'm just giving them the materials they need.
itachi was sent to the underworld by his father as a spy to investigate the inside of the village.
If we are to fulfill our duty faithfully, we should report this to the family at once.
As soon as I give up talking, Itachi also gives up being a spy for his family.
I'm going to have you stay here for the rest of the day to keep an eye on me"
Are you asking me to keep an eye on my family"
The monkey-faced man, who had been sitting in front of the monitor silently listening to the conversation between the scarecrow and Itachi, suddenly stood up.
「It doesn't matter if we're friends or not, our mission is to fulfill. Your family has captured the Nine-Tails. That's why we're being watched. Accept reality, newcomer.」
Ko"
kakashi called out the name of the monkey to rebuke him.
Then another colleague, who was sitting next to Kou, spun around a chair and turned to face the scarecrow.
it's the face of a cat.
He got his little sister killed by Nine-Tails. That's why I don't have a good impression of the family"
「Don't let your personal feelings get in the way of your mission.」
When the scarecrow said that, it hung its head as it approached me.
I know, I'm sorry"
she bows her head and passes by the scarecrow.
「Okay, I'm counting on you, newbie.」
The cat's face follows Kou's dissatisfied expression.
Oh, it's here, it's here"
kakashi said as he looked at the door where they disappeared.
Come with him"
the one standing in front of the door was shinobi suguru, who was at danzou's side.
it's already been four hours since kakashi left.
Sughar never talks.
Itachi, who was originally not good at casual conversation, didn't mind silence.
It's just the two of us staring at the monitor together.
It was a coincidence that I found it.
Itachi's blood hasn't frozen enough to calmly monitor our people's lives, even if it's our mission.
I switch the security camera feeds as often as I can, try not to keep them in one place, and keep changing the screen in front of me.
I somehow managed to maintain my composure by watching the sequence for a moment.
Itachi's trained to memorize the scene at a glance, so she's confident that she's doing her job well enough just for this.
One of the fragments felt a bit out of place, so itachi stopped.
View of Minamigano-jinja Shrine from the torii
A stone-paved passage extends straight from the stone torii to the main building.
The space right in the middle of the shrine building and the torii looked slightly warped.
it's only a matter of moments
the scenery on the monitor had already regained its silence.
Perhaps Sughar hasn't noticed the slight disruption in the screen.
If anyone else saw it, they'd think the camera was blown by the wind.
but itachi recognized the disorder of the scenery.
The scenery around the center of the paving stones was swirling around a single point.
It's as if the surrounding space is being sucked into one point.
The masked man...
The phenomenon behind the monitor was exactly the same as the one the man who attacked us during our mission to protect the fire lords used to escape.
“Why is that man...”
After muttering careless, Itachi realized Sugal was here and regretted it.
Sughar is watching the monitor in front of him.
While regretting his own inexperience, Itachi sank into the sea of thought again.
When Tenma died, itachi clearly saw the glowing eyes of the man in the back of the mask.
A black dot appears in the center of the crimson eye, and three magatama appear in the concentric circle.
That man's right eye was the Sharin-eyed one.
Which means he's a member of the family.
More than three years have passed since that incident.
Even now, sometimes the scene of Tenma's death comes to mind.
Tenma died with an unsightly amount of fear on his face, as if he didn't know what was going on.
At that time, the overwhelming difference in power between the masked man and himself was shocking.
Disappointed by his own powerlessness, he opened his Sharin-eyed eyes.
in other words, the masked man is the man who awakened itachi as a shinobi.
Avenge your colleagues or your benefactor.
I felt a strange bond with the man in the mask.
For the last three years, itachi has dreamed of a man's true identity many times.
I thought I was a member of the family in the field of reasoning, but today I'm convinced of that.
The freak in the footage is the masked man's fault.
And that man appeared at Minamigano-jinja Shrine.
and on the day tenma died, the sharingan in the back of the mask
It's all showing that we're family.
Then who in the family is he?
For three years since then, Itachi has interacted with all the men in the village.
No one in this family has the ninjutsu to manipulate space like that man.
No one had the same voice or presence as that man.
And most of all, he had a hunch that men aren't from the village.
So, who is it?
my family has lived in the village since the foundation of konoha.
I don't hear stories about Sharingan being possessed by non-family members.
Although there are some exceptions, such as Kakashi HATAKE, it is also a story in Konoha.
If the precious bloodline limits leak out of the village like those of the Sharin Eye and the White Eye, that's the nation's greatest concern.
there's no way there's no record of the village.
So far, there hasn't been any mention of Sharin's eye flowing into another village.
Thinking about it that way, choices are narrowed down.
The first option is the possibility that the clan survived while they were thought to have died on the battlefield during the last Great War and became the masked man.
During the war, it was customary for us to bring back Sharingan by other Shinobi when a member of our clan died on the battlefield.
That's why there's no way he could have been taken from the body.
In that case, it's best to assume that the person we thought was dead is still alive, and that he's set foot into the settlement with his Sharin-gan (eyes of the circle).
And the second option is the possibility that the man who left the family before is a masked man.
this is less likely than the first option.
because since konoha was founded, there has been only one shinobi who left the family and left the village.
My name is Madara...
He founded Konohagakure-no-sato (the hidden leaf village) with Hashirama of the Senju clan.
It is said that he passed through the village and died fighting against Hashirama in what is now called the Valley of the End.
There's no way a dead man could be alive.
The second option was to throw it away at that point.
but itachi can't forget this second option.
At that time, the overwhelming chakra and presence of the masked man I actually felt on my skin was stronger than any shinobi I've ever met.
If that much shinobi died during the Great War, it should be recorded in history.
However, there is no record of such a talented Shinobi having died in any of the places where the Great War was written.
In that case...
Itachi was more convinced that Madara was still alive.
「......tachi.」
I heard someone in the distance.
Itachi"
sugal's hard voice brings itachi back to reality.
It's time for a solo change"
“Aah...”
Itachi answers vaguely.
Even as I indulged in my thoughts, I kept pushing the button on my fingertips.
The monitor looks away, but I can't see it at all. It's spinning and changing scenery.
Are you okay"
What are you talking about"
I'll answer Sugal's question.
No... I don't want to do anything else"
He didn't talk any more than that.
it's been two months since i entered the dark.
But, as usual, the monotonous days continue.
The main tasks are guarding the Hokage's office and training with his friends, so there's still work to be done that puts his life at risk.
With assassinations and important missions happening so often, the village can't be called peaceful. It's proof that we're free like this.
kakashi is laughing at you.
The village is at peace...
And yet, I wonder why.
the village should be peaceful. why is my heart so disturbed?
i don't know why i feel so rushed.
It's my family's fault.
In the shadow of peace in the village, our people desire war.
that was the cause of disturbing itachi's mind.
the coup d'etat must be prevented at all costs.
But I couldn't find a concrete plan for it.
Even if you say you'll work with Sisie, the urges of the clan cannot be subdued with the two of you standing side by side, spread out your arms"
it's frustrating that we can't find a solution.
「Gyahahahaha!」
A tear-in-the-earth yell pierced the ears of the Itachi on their way back from their mission.
There's a little park just ahead of us.
It's already late into the evening.
The sun had long since set in the west, and the area was beginning to get shrouded in darkness.
The boy standing on the swing, the one who sounded like he was laughing earlier.
There were three running shadows in his eyes.
Probably a friend of his.
You can't beat this Uzumaki Naruto-sama"
The swing boy screamed.
The silhouette walks away without swinging in his direction, talking about it or anything.
Staring at the three friendly figures, the boy who called himself Naruto sat down on the swing sadly.
No matter how you look at it, she's acting tough.
Itachi knew from the time the boy took his name.
there is no one in the village who does not know uzumaki naruto
The boy in front of me was involved in the Nine-Tails Incident, which terrified the villagers.
a child with nine tails.
If he goes down the road, everyone's quiet.
There was only one person who didn't know the Nine-Tails resided in him.
it's naruto himself.
I will be sealed away without knowing the disaster of the village, and I will live with the fear of the people.
Naruto doesn't understand why he's being bullied by people.
His parents are no longer in this world.
There is no one to give him free love.
itachi was somehow walking towards the park.
Walk quietly towards the weak swinging swings.
he sat down next to naruto.
Nuoh"
Naruto almost fell off the swing when he noticed the sudden appearance of the Itachi.
Your arms and legs thump more than you need, somehow manage to stay on the swing, and you'll cast doubtful gazes at us"
Don't scare me like that"
I'm sorry"
Hey, who are you"
i'm going to open my eyes and look at naruto.
Itachi swung his swings and looked straight at me.
I don't care who I am.
Mom said not to talk to strangers...
You're not here"
Itachi said...
naruto smiled shyly and put his right hand behind his head.
Do you know"
Speaking of Uzumaki Naruto, he's a famous prank boy"
I'm that famous"
In a way"
“Heheheh...”
Naruto smiles happily, not understanding the irony of itachi.
My friend ran away"
People who don't understand my pranks aren't friends.
naruto's voice is incredibly bright.
She seemed to be desperately trying to act cheerfully, trying not to feel lonely.
everyone knows naruto's true identity.
for the village, the nine tails incident still left a deep scar.
As long as he's suspected of manipulating the Nine-Tails, his family is still stuck under the influence of this incident.
Itachi himself has been slandered many times by this incident.
There's probably no one in this village who can deal with the boy who's carrying the source of it.
so to speak, naruto is the biggest victim of the nine tails incident.
itachi doesn't know how he sealed the nine tails with naruto.
But I don't think it's proper to seal a young baby of misfortune.
Didn't you think about what kind of persecution she'd be going through if you did that?
the details of the kyuubi incident are a village secret.
the truth was hidden in the darkness, and only naruto remained.
naruto is part of the village's darkness.
this village is built at the cost of existence like naruto.
The people of the upper echelons have sealed off the disaster in Naruto, and by persecuting the clan, they're moving people's discontent elsewhere, cleverly moving the village.
By intentionally creating darkness, it's like hiding its own darkness...
and now itachi is part of the darkness of that village.
because the dark side is the true darkness of the village.
Nii-chan"
Hm"
naruto's eyes were wide open next to him.
Are you okay with being quiet all of a sudden"
It's okay"
Then I'm glad"
naruto is looking up at me worriedly.
It's about time to go home"
Even if I go home, there's no one there...
naruto will show strength by bending his mouth to a letter.
“Okay, I'm off.”
「Eeeh!?」
naruto's exaggeratingly surprised at itachi getting up.
Go for it"
Itachi thinks he's saying something he can't relax.
but naruto seemed to be happy. he laughed and rubbed his nose with his fingers.
And then, jumping off the swing with great force, I stood up and pointed my index finger at it.
My name is Uzumaki Naruto! I'm a man who'll become a hokage someday"
「I see, the hokage......」
I'm gonna light a fire in my chest.
Despite carrying the darkness of the village on his shoulders, this boy hasn't given up on his own fate.
They don't hate the village, they don't hate people, and they believe in their dreams with honest eyes.
I hope I can"
I'll definitely do it. Remember that until then, okay, Nii-chan"
Instead of smiling as an answer, itachi begins to turn his back on Naruto.
The sky was full of stars.
Danzo called.
Sit in the chair on the head of the Buddha.
Right next to the master of the root was Sugal, who was supposed to be in the ro squad.
What about the dark side"
I don't know yet"
That's an honest opinion. From now on, you'll experience things you can't do unless you're in the dark. Keep polishing your skills until then"
Danzo speaks as if he were his boss.
However, itachi is under the direct control of the hokage, and it has nothing to do with the roots.
In terms of professional relations, Danzou and Itachi had nothing to do with it.
I'm the one who called you here today"
Shut up and listen to Danzo.
I've heard that our family's settlement has become strict with outsiders"
It's true that in the last few months, the settlement has come to have an exclusive atmosphere.
It was as if the village itself had a will when my father spoke of the word coup.
“You attend regular meetings too, don't you?”
Danzo came straight to me.
our family is being watched 24 hours by the dark side.
It was only natural that Danzo knew about the meeting.
Yes"
Itachi, who was convinced there was no point in hiding it, answered honestly.
Danzo nodded in satisfaction.
I'll be frank. Please give me the details of the meeting"
A voice full of unspeakable pressure beats the itachi.
At this rate, our family will be ruined. We need your power to stop that"
“Are you saying I betrayed my family?”
I won't betray you. Save me"
Danzo puts his elbows on his desk and puts his chin on his folded palm.
A deep, dark cave-like left eye shoots itachi.
Betrayal is an act that disadvantages those who have been betrayed. To report the contents of the meeting is to prevent the family from exploding, and as a result, it will be in the family's interest. Therefore, it is not called treachery"
That's a clever rhetoric.
I'm sure you've twisted your logic to make me dizzy, but you didn't fool me"
No matter what happens to your family, if you tell Danzo about the meeting, it'll be nothing more than a betrayal.
Danzo's mistaken.
Itachi is not obsessed with the wordtraitorous"
I understand"
I thought you'd say that if you hated fighting more than anyone else"
the root master answered with a voice that doesn't express his emotions.
I hate to admit it, but Danzo's right.
We still haven't found a concrete plan to prevent the coup.
Danzo's offer at the time was irresistible.
the sisie will be able to get the cooperation of the third hokage.
And itachi's decision might help us harness Danzo's power.
By connecting to the center of the village, we should be able to prevent the clan from exploding.
I don't want to rob you of your family's dignity. I'll leave the choice of information to you"
Thank you very much"
I'm counting on you, Itachi. The fate of the clan is entrusted to your judgment"
Danzo's voice crept over my shoulders.
Itachi's resolve isn't so strong that he can't bear the weight.
I took a deep breath to the bottom of my stomach, like I was aware of my own heavy burden.
It smelled like blood...
“So this is how it is...”
kakashi muttered next to itachi, who was breathing quietly.
By then, the captain, who had covered the lower half of his face with a black mask, was gone.
I jumped off a cliff like I was following her.
There's a body of one of ours lying in the depression we're headed for.
the enemy he killed was shinobi in a small country, in a frost country.
It was just as we were about to form an alliance.
In order to conclude the alliance ten days from now, during the mission to exchange letters stating the final conditions and so on, the Shinobi of the Frost Land grew angry.
The enemy never wanted an alliance.
there are about ten people against konoha shinobi
We're outnumbered.
konoha shinobi, who were entrusted with receiving the letter, were killed in an instant.
Execute annihilation of the enemy as soon as we've confirmed the breakdown of the negotiations.
that was the mission we received.
In other words, don't move until you know what's going on"
That's why I was delayed in the initial round, and as a result, all my allies were wiped out.
The fact that the number of Shinobi in the Frost Land appeared with ten was enough to make me feel like a wreck.
If the Dark Brotherhood had jumped out at that point, they might not have died.
However, even if itachi was in the kakashi position, he wouldn't have been able to move until the four of them were wiped out.
the scarecrow in front lands among the enemy.
His right hand had already pierced one of his enemies.
A gushing blue thunder engulfed the captain's arms.
Chidori... Scarecrow's specialty is
By the time the captain pulled his right arm out, itachi had landed in the middle of the enemy.
There's only two of us left in the dark.
one is sugal.
and the other one is a young ninja named tenzo.
he's a little younger than a scarecrow.
but as a dark side, i have a long career.
The hidden leaf"
The moment the enemy screams, a thick tree trunk wraps around the man's neck and strangles him like a snake.
Unable to resist the man's overwhelming strength, he died with his long tongue hanging from his lips.
the art of tenzou.
Tenzo was able to use Mokuton Ninjutsu, which only the first Hokage and Hashirama could use.
From the beginning, Konoha had no intention of forming an alliance with us"
another enemy told the scarecrow
You're the one who set it up first, right"
Without waiting for a counterargument, Chidori will gouge the enemy's stomach.
Itachi heard screams that sounded like screams on his back.
The enemy over my shoulder is facing me with his long sword at the top of his head.
Turned my body around.
The longsword approaches the crown of my head.
I quickly raised my right arm.
grab the right wrist of the enemy holding the handle.
「Ku!」
Give up"
I'll tell him with my hand still on his wrist.
Unable to even lower his sword, the enemy glared at us with cold sweat.
Sharingan
The enemy's body trembled once, completely losing its strength.
Like a doll with its strings cut, the head of an enemy who tries to squirm to the ground dances in midair in front of itachi's eyes.
the ninja sword is shining behind the enemy.
it's sugal.
「Hokage-sama's Karano mission is to annihilate the enemy.」
sugal whispers in a voice that only itachi can hear.
and tried to pass out by using the mirage of the mirage.
We don't need to annihilate them.
Whether the messenger returns or not, this will soon be known to the Frost Realm.
If it's revenge, it's only the ones who killed the four of us.
It would be more effective to let others live and talk about Konoha's true potential against the Frost Realm.
I know"
I told Sughar's back, who's already on his way to a new enemy, and itachi's set his sights on his next target.
There are only four left.
He's already lost his will to fight.
Sugal's shinto swung the head of a man who slackened off and begged for his life"
A sharp branch produced by Tenzou no Kiton Ninjutsu pierces Noichi's back as he tries to run away.
With this, the Frost Land and the Konoha are enemies!
Your lives will protect you from that"
The arm of the scarecrow whispering gently pierced the enemy's stern.
Itachi"
Tenzou's voice
Itachi's eyes captured the enemy's deathly face.
Enemy gripping the kunai with both hands, groping its teeth, it's not even ten years old"
Frost is small.
Even if there's no big war left, in a country with few Shinobi and little national strength, even a child like this will be enough to help.
“Taah!”
The scream of spirit is no longer a cry.
Itachi accepted the boy into his chest.
A sharp pain runs through my stomach.
The boy, Kunai, was stabbed.
Her slender arms are still trembling, even as she touches my abdomen.
Fear had passed its limit, and tears had flowed from the boy's eyes.
Itachi"
The scarecrow screams.
I'm fine"
The scarecrows were watching us from a distance as we answered calmly.
The boy's trembling face slowly lifted up.
Her tear-soaked eyes catch itachi.
“Ah, aahhh...”
Fear is a voice.
「You're a full-fledged ninja. Hang in there.」
Speak gently to the enemy.
The boy's confused and scared. I don't know what he's talking about.
Shaking my head from side to side, desperately trying to turn away from reality"
「You came to me without running away.That's why I'll treat you like a full-fledged ninja......」
I hold the kunai behind my back so he doesn't look like a boy.
I thrust my blade into the narrow neck of the crying enemy from below.
I gently pull the kunai out of my belly and drag it away.
A spray of blood rose from the boy's neck.
I don't get bloodshed.
that's also a hobby as a ninja.
A child's body tumbled to a pile of corpses, no enemies, no allies"
“This is a battlefield too...”
Whispered in a voice no one could hear.
Itachi asks the mind.
(Is he really getting closer to his dream?)
She was buried in the stream slowly, and her body seemed to be getting heavier and heavier. Her childhood wished to be a better ninja than anyone else, but the fence wrapped around her whole body tried to put itachi in the frame of a mere ninja.
At this rate, I'll abandon the village, my family, and the dark side, and become free...
I know it's unforgivable.
The eyes of the boy, who had lost his sparkle, gazed at the tormenting itachi forever.
The number of people participating in the uprising, the route of attack, and the list of targets for assassination. And I want to decide the most important day for the uprising at the next meeting. Please gather everyone's opinions by then. If you have an idea, you can tell me anytime. Just be careful in the eyes of the villagers"
When my father's words came to an end, my people relaxed for a moment.
of the expected end of the meeting.
But everyone's feelings were crushed by Yashiro's tense voice.
Is itachi here"
Itachi felt disgusted by the voice calling out to him.
Itachi"
An irritating voice chases after itachi, who doesn't reply.
I'm here"
He's got a heavy hip.
Yashiro doesn't reprimand us for our behavior, he just looks at us coldly.
“You were at the negotiation table with the Frostland the other day, weren't you?”
「............」
“Answer me.”
「The mission of the underworld is not something you should tell an outsider.」
Are you serious"
Deep wrinkles on Yashiro's brow.
Itachi didn't answer. He just stared at the narrow eyes in front of him.
「Why are you in the dark?」
「............」
It's to get information from somewhere close to the center of the village and report it to us.
Yashiro.
Father summoned his own confidant's name, as if to rescue his silent son"
Yashiro doesn't answer my father. He keeps glaring at itachi.
「What did you bring us into the dark? We haven't heard the secret of the village from you yet.」
I don't know, so I won't talk"
Is that really all"
What do you mean"
Antipathy shakes in the eyes of itachi.
A long-haired man stood up next to Yashiro, who took it with a bold smile on his face.
I'm Inabi.
he was also his trusted confidant.
You betrayed us, didn't you...?
Cut it out"
My father screamed.
Yashiro and Inabi fell silent at the rare act of his father.
I'm sure you all know what's going on with your family. There's no way you'd be able to do anything important if your friends were arguing with each other"
「............」
Yashiro sits there displeased.
and invigorating followed.
You sit down too, itachi"
My father glares at me.
Itachi...
The father whispered in a thin voice to his son as he stood up.
It sounded like a pleading voice.
I'm sorry"
The pain in my chest spilled out into words.
My father is desperate to bring everyone together.
I don't know why you're being so submissive and trying to settle things in one piece.
is the framework of the family that important?
itachi looked like he was being toyed with by the heat of the young.
I don't understand...
Anyway, the next meeting will decide our path. It's an important meeting. I won't allow you to be absent, so please keep that in mind"
The meeting ended in a disturbing mood, and Itachi set off on his way home alone without looking at anyone.
i couldn't even see shisui and izumi.
Danzo looks down at Hirschzen, who has his lips on the pipe.
the office of hokage.
There's no one else.
It's been half a year since I started working in the dark...
Hilzen said as he puffed out smoke.
What are you talking about"
Don't play dumb. It's the man you're looking out for"
「Hmph!」
sometimes hilzen uses a roundabout way of saying it
“I am faithful to my duties.”
I see"
Didn't you come to talk about him"
They've seen right through us.
For Danzo, who hated his heart more than anyone, it was unbearable.
“Seems like we have subordinates under our control, Hiruzen.”
Hilzen kissed his pipe, as if he'd been poked in pain"
Danzo doesn't give a shit.
It seems we've isolated Sisie from her usual duties and given her the authority to act on her own discretion and judgment. And even though it's nominal, she's letting our people into the dark again"
“The Sissy wished for us to be able to move freely. I just laid the groundwork for that.”
「Did the hokage listen to the selfishness of a mere ninja?」
I'm just taking in the feelings of those who care about their family"
The village won't be able to stand up if you take into account the circumstances of each person like that"
“I know that even if you don't tell me!”
Hilzen cried out in frustration.
Why don't you stop spouting nonsense and say it clearly? What are you doing here today, Danzou"
It's about time I stopped bullying her...
Danzo chuckled in his heart and spoke of what he'd been thinking for a long time.
Just like how you have your own pawns for my family, I want you to prepare one for me too"
Tegoma
The moment I said that, Hiruzen's face betrayed that of disgust. And when I finished listening, he looked at Danzo with his lips slightly raised.
Are you asking me to give itachi to the root"
I never thought about that"
Don't play dumb"
“I am not playing dumb.”
Hilzen narrowed his eyes to gauge Danzo's true intentions.
the countless wrinkles running through the corners of my eyes get deeper.
“What are you thinking?”
“Would you like us to be promoted to squad leader?”
He's only 11 years old.
「The squad leader of the underworld is over thirteen years old... That's true.」
Hilzen's expression grew unpleasant as he spoke with a faint smile on his face.
「The dark side is a unit that plays a central role in the village. The squad leader must be able to make good judgments. That is why they are qualified at the age of thirteen.」
“Your judgment is strong enough... Such a thing is already in our possession.”
That's not the problem"
Age is powerless in front of one's ability.
Hilzen fell silent at Danzo's firm stance.
「Is the code that important to you, Hiruzen? Our family's dissatisfaction is already irrevocable. In order to overcome this situation, we need someone who can make good use of their will, and you're also connected to them. If it's just a dark ninja, they won't be able to escape from the squad leader's command. If you promote itachi to be the squad leader, that means you'll be light-headed.」
You're saying you're going to put him somewhere between you and me, instead of being a part of the root?
That's right. In our family, itachi and sisie are no match for each other by force. If we can get those two to join us, it won't be difficult to prevent them from exploding. Just as you gave sisie special privileges, itachi also needs a certain level of authority"
“But he's too young to be a squad leader at the age of eleven.”
hilzen's lost.
Just one more push...
How about twelve"
the third hokage won't answer.
As for the code, I think we can handle it well enough by raising the official age of Itachi by one year"
Let me think about it a little more"
Got it"
Danzo is convinced.
hilzen will definitely accept it.
How's school"
I asked my brother, who sat down on the bench, and Itachi wet his throat with cold juice.
It'd be much better to train with Nii-san like this"
Sasuke looked up at his brother and laughed as he gripped the can of water dripping from it with both hands.
“It would be far more beneficial to train with Sissy...”
when we first entered ninja school, itachi said the same thing.
It's only now that I realize that siblings are similar.
when sasuke came home, i decided to join him in his training.
I don't normally spend much time with her, so I'm willing to create opportunities.
And now, this moment with Sasuke has become a great healing for Itachi.
My brother and I were able to get away from the heavy burden of everyday life when we were sweating together.
How long has that been going on?
Recently, when I see Sisie, we talk about the future of the family"
We trained together many years ago.
Even when I speak to Izumi, I can't stand to be with her because I'm distracted by her thoughts"
I know you care too much, but there's nothing I can do about it.
In the end, it's only when I'm helping my brother train that I can be who I am without thinking.
Is school boring"
That's not true, but...
sasuke stares at the can's mouth and shuts his mouth.
I can kind of see what my brother's thinking.
Your skills and way of thinking are so different that you can't get along with your friends, right"
because itachi himself was.
Everything's made me look like a child to my peers"
The way we think and deal with things is so young that we can't talk about it with the same values.
i vaguely thought that sasuke might be the same way.
Just like himself, I felt that my brother was also clumsy in socializing with others.
「I'm not trying to do anything good. After all, they can't do Ninjutsu or study at all......」
「What about you, Naruto?」
Eh"
sasuke opened his eyes wide at the unexpected name flying out of his brother's mouth.
The look on your face when you look up at itachi is showing your surprise.
itachi himself was surprised.
i don't know why i said naruto's name.
But somehow, the blond lass of my brother's age had a headache"
No matter what he tries to do, it's no good. Besides, he's always following me around, and he's a troublesome guy.
What about you, Naruto"
I don't really feel anything about him, but I complain about every little thing.
If my brother's position in the school is no different from that of itachi while he's still in school, I'm sure the other students are keeping Sasuke at bay.
no one will truly become friends in exchange for seeing sasuke's true potential.
but naruto will attack sasuke
When it comes to the hokage, I remember the exaggerated figure.
A pitiful child who bears the Nine-Tails and is not to be treated by anyone.
You believe in big dreams. You don't doubt them.
Her appearance, her mannerisms, everything seemed exactly the opposite of her brother, Sasuke.
But... when I dreamed about the two of them lining up, it became strange.
If you're going to attack me, it means I'm worried about you. Get along with her"
I can't get along with him"
It'd be nice if I could do it someday"
Saying that, I put my hand on my brother's head.
It's absolutely impossible"
sasuke closes his eyes, wrinkles his nose, and eats his teeth.
Itachi couldn't help but laugh at that humorous expression.
My brother smiles with a relaxed expression.
Evenings filled with warmth are too peaceful.
Fugaku closes his eyes with his arms folded, and opens his eyes when he hears the sound of shoji opening.
in my room.
While looking at the tokonoma on the pedestal with my right hand, I turned my back to the wall on the right side of the room and sat on the floor.
It was my child who opened the shoji facing the hallway and showed his face.
“What do you want, Father?”
My son, who's too good to listen to, hasn't even tried to smooth up his cold tone these days, and he won't even try to come into the room.
Enter"
I finally crossed the threshold with a reluctant look on my face.
He closed the shoji behind his back, and he sat in front of his father.
「You went to the park with Sasuke.」
Yes"
I made sure the two of them had returned covered in sweat, and called for a bath.
My brother is talking to his mother at the table right now.
「I have preparations for tomorrow's mission. Please make it brief.」
My son's face stiffens as he says that, and he's clearly wary of his father.
It's understandable.
We haven't had a conversation in a while, and we only get a chance to hear each other's voices at meetings.
You can't show your parents' faces in public view.
It's only natural for us to distance ourselves from each other, as long as we're only treating others like that.
Don't be so formal"
he said that and smiled.
and that's the best smile
usually, fugaku seldom laughs.
As captain of the police force, as leader of the young men of the family, I don't want you to let your emotions show.
No......
Come to think of it, I haven't laughed much since I was little.
Come to think of it, when did you see my son's smile?
I don't remember.
My son and I are alike... A strange joy wells up in my heart.
There was a difference between the pure pleasure of having a child as a parent and the joy that Fugaha felt now.
He was called one of the greatest geniuses in ninja school, passed the Chuninshi examination alone, and became the first member of the family to be appointed to the underground club.
i was happy to know that i resemble shinobi, who have built up many legends.
It was a very twisted feeling for a father to see his son as an object of admiration somewhere.
and fugaku is clearly aware of that emotion.
so at times, fugaku finds his son devout.
I couldn't accept the fact that I was losing, not as my father, but as the same man.
That's why I end up taking a nasty attitude toward itachi.
as a parent, i think it's too stupid.
However, my pride as a Shinobi of Fugaku can't be happy about itachi's success in life.
And my son was trying to get away from me...
How's the dark division doing"
Itachi looks at his father with vigilant eyes as he asks without breaking his smile.
「If you practice what you've been doing every day since you graduated from Ninja School, there's nothing wrong with that.」
it's a very exemplary answer.
My son answered indifferently. He seemed to be more of a man than a father. He was more of a man of his own kind"
Yashiro and Inabi aren't here.
I tried to speak softly.
“I'm your father, and you're my son. That's all there is in this room.”
she's a smart girl.
After saying that, he seemed to understand my father's feelings very quickly.
But that doesn't mean I'm going to turn into an honest emotional attitude like when I was five or six years old.
That's the level of slackening I've loosened up a little.
Even so, his eyes have calmed down much more than before.
It's nothing different from when we weren't in the dark"
Aren't you going to do a tough job too"
“Indeed...”
So he shut his mouth.
And then, for a moment, I lowered my eyes and stared straight at my father again.
Since you're a member of the dark club, I can't allow you to spoil me"
“That's my child for you.”
When I compliment my son, I've always said this to him. But since when, I feel like I've grown taller when I use it. Trying to keep my talented child within my reach"
My child.
That's what I feel.
She's already used to saying that. When she wants to praise her son, her words come out first. That's why.
That's my boy.
After saying that, a small, sharp thorn pierced my chest. And today as well, Fugaku felt pain in his chest.
I spit out words like I'm trying to shake off the itchiness around my pigeon.
Don't worry about the meeting"
Eh"
My son looked surprised at my father's words.
He probably expected to be reprimanded for talking to Yashiro and the others at the meeting.
As a result of that betrayal, Itachi was surprised.
「Not everyone in this family has the same idea. They don't want to force our ideas on you.I want you to be more like a man who can stand against the current than a stone being swept away by the great current.」
“Father...”
You don't have to change your mind. If you can't accept what Yashiro-san and the others have to say, then you should just say it outright"
However, that meeting has an atmosphere that won't allow that"
i let a sigh leak out of my mouth.
You're right. The young have become enthralled, and are no longer able to see themselves. And even if they eliminate those who don't sympathize, they're trying to move on to something they believe is noble"
“Father...”
Itachi shut his mouth.
What? Say it clearly"
Yes"
My son began to speak, as if he had made up his mind.
“Do you have a different opinion from them?”
That's not it"
I swore.
I feel the same way as them. I'm just not young enough to get rid of different ideas.
I could feel my son's despondency in my hands.
“I see...”
The stones have already fallen.
There's nothing we can do about it now.
No, I didn't mean to.
the rebellion is the only possibility left for the family.
But... I didn't want to force my son to obey.
Just be pure in your own thoughts. Get lost, get lost, find the answer. And when you find the answer, never hesitate. Prepare to find the answer and carry it through. That's yourdecision"
“A decision...”
That's right. In this world, there aren't many people who live their lives by making their own decisions. Everyone lives by leaving their decisions to others and averting their eyes from responsibility. You don't have to live like that. You have to make your own decisions and move on"
he felt something hot in his eyes.
She desperately tried to suppress her excitement, trying not to let her son find out.
I understand"
One small breath and itachi turned his hot gaze to my father.
I won't leave my life's decision to anyone else"
That's my child.
it's been a long time since i've been able to honestly say this word.
No chest pain.
Danzo didn't miss Hilzen's brow trembling a bit"
This is the seat for determining the budget for the administration of Konohagakure Village, the formal meeting room of the Hokage residence.
In addition to Hiruzen and Danzo, there was the figure of Koharu and Homura, the councilman.
The basic policies will be decided at this meeting, and with that in mind, Hiruzen will adopt a formal budget with the responsible people of the village administration.
This is the budget for the police force"
Hilzen took his eyes off the documents in his hand and saw the other three.
what he has is a proposal from danzo and the others.
“There is an idea of a large budget reduction. What does this mean, Koharu?”
Called her name, Koharu opened her slender eyes a bit and saw Hilzen"
It's already been seven years since the end of the war. The public order in the village has calmed down a lot. Furthermore, it's customary for the underworld to act on important and vicious crime investigations. The role of the police force is limited at the moment. We don't need the budget we have so far, do we"
「That aside, isn't it too sudden to suddenly reduce the amount by 40%? This will have a slight impact on the personnel of the police force.」
While looking at Hiruzen's face, which looked like he was chewing on a bug, Homura of Mito-mon Gate opened his mouth.
「Reconstruction after the attack on Nine-Tails Vale is over, and construction of new facilities and broad roads are urgent. The Jammin' Ninja School, which abolished the early graduation system, must be expanded soon. There's no time to spare for organizations with a tendency to shrink.」
“I know that. I know that, but if you make enemies of the police force, it'll only get worse...”
「I'm going to drive them mad?」
Danzo spat out words, watched enough time, kept on whining"
Well then, let me ask you this. Is there any other department in this village that has a tendency to significantly reduce their duties? The peace and expansion of the secret service in the village. The cause of the shrinking is also clear. The police force can't do anything more than maintain security. And even that is doubtful whether they've been faithfully executed due to the negative feelings of discontent with the village. I think it's just a spoil to secure the current budget"
「It's not spoiling. It's protecting.」
「Protective? Why do I need to protect those who have nothing to do with their work?」
It's because people like you who are prejudiced against your family have limited opportunities for them to play an active role"
Hilzen hit his desk and stood up, and Homura and Koharu calmly watched over it.
Danzo spoke to his old friend, the third generation, without restraining the smile on his lips.
「I'm prejudiced, so I'll protect you...... Isn't that what separates them and discriminates them?」
What is it..."
Because we have a job as a police force and a sufficient budget guaranteed by the village, the members of our clan refuse to come into contact with outsiders, sneaking around on their own. Because you're isolated within the framework of the police force under the pretense of protecting them, can't they grow the bad seed of dissatisfaction within themselves"
The establishment and management of the police force is the will of the deceased second generation"
Don't you think that idea is old"
The Great War is over and the wounds from the attack on the Nine-Tails have begun to heal. I think it's time for a change, but what about everyone's opinion"
「No objections.」
Koharl's voice of agreement.
Homura nods silently, as if sympathizing.
We've already laid the groundwork for the two of them. The three of us agreed to cut the budget for the police force.
hilzen is the only one who's out of the game.
What if the family's dissatisfaction erupts"
“You're using the sissy to prevent that, aren't you?”
Danzo made a decisive move.
Hilzen's mouth's full of pain"
「Isn't that why you gave the authority to remove young ninjas who were worried about their families from their normal duties, give them nominal positions, and forgive their arbitrary decisions to a certain extent?」
“Thirty percent...”
Hilzen spoke in a hoarse voice.
The choice of suffering.
and we're going to be able to see
danzo doesn't think it's possible to cut 40 percent.
I expected a reasonable margin of 30%.
If we reduce the budget by more than thirty percent, we won't be able to avoid a backlash from the police force"
I pay my respects to the decision of the Hokage"
Danzo's pretentious words made Hilzen blatantly unhappy"
Sisie called me to the usual cliff.
It's already midnight.
both villages and villages are asleep.
Still, the dark corners of the settlement are waking up"
I remembered all the security camera angles during my family's surveillance mission.
I've already devised a route to move the settlement freely, taking advantage of the small gaps between the camera and camera angles.
I only told Sisie about the dark side's surveillance and blind spot routes.
sisie is the only reliable shinobi.
I will never let anyone else know.
Sisie must have gone through a blind spot and headed for a cliff.
No one knows who they're meeting.
I left the settlement, fled from the security cameras, and itachi ran"
the moon on the lower string shines close to the center of the sky.
Under the twinkling, twinkling stars that looked like they were about to fall, I frantically ran to choose the darkness.
Suddenly, the forest broke, a cliff appeared, and there was a shadow at the end of the rough rock"
Standing there with his back exposed, it gazes at the stream beneath the cliff.
Itachi ran up to her and stopped behind her.
Sorry to keep you waiting"
I just got here, too.
Sisie's face was clearly weary as she said that.
There was a faint kuma under her eyes, and her cheeks were also slightly drenched.
The sharper jaw looked more like a mark of overwork than adulthood.
You look quite tired"
“A lot has happened...”