tomorrow, kohinata mukai will take his first vacation in a month.
danzo shimura told itachi about it and itachi decided to carry it out.
Arrangements will be made immediately, and the mission schedule of the sissy will be changed while we're with itachi.
it was danzo's signal.
tomorrow, itachi will kill the shinobi who live in the same village...
You may be a traitor, but you're still one of us.
we're friends in the village.
I'd be lying if I said I didn't hesitate to kill that man.
But this was more important than any mission I've ever had in my life as a Itachi ninja.
i can't refuse.
Mukai kept in mind that he was a traitor who communicated secretly with Kirigakure Village and leaked important secrets of Konohagakure Village, and somehow managed to reconcile with his guilt.
We're ready"
a cheerful voice broke itachi's thoughts.
“I did as you asked.”
The younger brother said that and smiled.
Return a smile
in the woods.
Weasels were on break after tomorrow's mission.
i'm training with sasuke as if he begged me.
A double circled target is hidden behind the trees by Sasuke.
you can't see a single thing beautifully from itachi.
「Now then, Nii-san.」
He can’t hide his excitement, so he urges me to hurry.
nodding, itachi held kunai in both hands.
if you put it in the crotch of your fingers one by one, it'll be exactly eight.
Eight iron claws are sticking out from my lightly clenched fist.
i'm going to look down and i'm going to stay a little calm.
Then I pour the chakra in my stomach into the back of my eyes.
Sharingan...
the breathing of the trees gets louder.
In the midst of the pulsing of life, I see a small, circular foreign object.
Yatsu
He exhaled a small breath, and itachi lightly kicked the ground.
headtohead flips in midair.
If you turn your body upside down, your center of gravity will extend downward and you'll be stable.
Stabilizing position increases the accuracy of kunai control.
close your eyes and imagine the eight targets in your brain.
There were two things I couldn't reach from this place.
The most troublesome target is the one that's casually tumbled around the back of the huge rock in front of it.
first, i threw four in my left hand all at once.
and accurately punch the four targets in relatively easy places.
this time it's two kunai gripping from the right thumb to the middle finger.
this will also get through the target safely.
there are two left.
the itachi's body is still in midair.
it hasn't even been a second since i jumped up.
Switch one between my middle finger and ring finger to my left hand
one kunai on each side.
Throw both arms at the same time
The two kunai's orbits overlapped"
The blades clashing in empty space make a sharp metallic sound and fly off in a direction not repelled by each other.
Landing point
Sharin's eye is glowing red.
Itachi slowly stands up, and before his eyes, there's the presence of her brother.
Sasuke, who had been hiding behind a tree to avoid danger, suddenly appeared.
He seemed dumbfounded by the arm that pierced through the center of all the targets.
She stares behind the rock in front of her with her mouth wide open.
There's the most troublesome target there.
of course, i hadn't done that either.
It's for this target that the last two arrows collided and changed their course.
”You're amazing, Nii-san! You're in the dead center of the target behind the rock, too!”
sasuke jumped out from behind the tree.
there's a kunai in both hands.
Looking at my brother's arm, he seemed to be lost in thought, unable to contain himself"
”All right... Me, too!”
「...Let's go home, Sasuke.」
sasuke, who had become motivated and pulsated, suddenly stopped moving.
There was dissatisfaction in the brother's face as he turned towards his brother.
Didn't you say you'd teach me a new shuriken technique?"
I did promise, but I've fulfilled my end of the bargain by showing you right in front of my eyes.
I have an important mission tomorrow, and I have to get ready for it.
it's mainly psychological preparation.
My brother looks away, pouting.
The cool eyes under her frown are so warped that they look like they're about to burst into tears.
「...You liar.」
I'm not mad at you for not teaching me shuriken techniques.
He's angry that the time he spends with his brother has been interrupted.
if itachi can also do it, i want to train with sasuke as much as i want
But tomorrow's mission wasn't so simple as to allow it.
Itachi wants to cry too...
Turning her face away, she beckons to her brother, who is peering at her with resentful eyes.
My clouded brother's face instantly clears with joy.
The sound of happy footsteps echoes through the forest as Sasuke rushes over to me.
「Forgive me, Sasuke... Next time.」
He pointed his index finger as he said that, and hit Sasuke in the forehead.
「Owwww!」
sasuke, blocked from charging, closed his eyes and screamed a little.
She looks up at her brother and frowns.
when you make that kind of expression, sasuke is always planning something.
Nii-san, watch me"
sasuke, crossing his arms and readying his kunai, laughed fearlessly.
「Tooo――――――!」
before itachi could stop it, sasuke flew towards the target
「Hey! Don't push yourself...」
in front of screaming itachi, sasuke twisted his ankle and plunged headfirst into the ground.
Way back
He carried Sasuke, who injured his leg, and walked through the hidden leaf village toward our village.
Feeling my brother's warmth on my back, time passes peacefully.
the presence of sasuke on my back made a small ripple.
itachi stopped and looked over his shoulder at his brother.
What's wrong"
”This is where Dad works, right?”
this is the headquarters of konoha police force.
Itachi answered his brother's question calmly as he looked up at the giant concrete building with a circular theme.
It's been bothering me for a while,"
's the family crest on the mark of the police force"
Oh... You noticed...
Of course it is"
The corners of my mouth curled in response to Sasuke's voice, which sounded like he was standing on tiptoe.
“Yeah... To put it simply, the previous leaders of this police force organized it. That’s why they put their family crest on the symbol of this organization. Our family has protected the safety of this village for a long time. Our family crest is the proof of that proud family.”
Itachi tried to satisfy his brother's desire to know something, but he spoke while avoiding the most difficult words.
My brother listens silently to my brother's words.
「Our family may be small now, but most of us are still in the 1st Squad, contributing to the security of the village.」
there are exceptions like sis.
in the case of shisui, i heard that a request was made by the village shinobi who highly evaluated her excellence.
When you join the police force, you'll have extremely few opportunities to interact with outside ninjas, and we'll be completely integrated into the family.
due to the begging of the village ninja who were afraid of that, shisui was on the field duty
but itachi thought that such a thing was not to explain to sasuke, so he threw it away in his mind
「Because the only ones who are cracked down on crimes by ninja are the even better ninja.」
and the only one who can quell the conflict that ninja create is the even better ninja.
「You're going in here too?」
your brother's innocent question stabs itachi's heart.
I can't get in...
i got the real answer right down my throat.
“Hmm... I dunno...”
I can't tell my brother that I'm going into the dark for a family dissatisfied with the village.
itachi had no choice but to speak evasively.
You should do that"
My brother, who didn't know anything about adult dark circumstances, screamed in a carefree voice.
that sparkly purity tightens on itachi's chest.
When I grow up... I'll join the police force too!
brothers and sisters in the police force, dedicated to their duties.
it's like a dream come true.
But that day will never come...
itachi goes dark.
Even if I was in an environment where I could join the police force, I wouldn't have accepted it.
i have a dream to end the conflict in this world.
To realize my dream, the capacity of the police force was too small.
Dad will come to the entrance ceremony tomorrow. This is the first step in my dream.
My brother's dream is to work with him as a ninja in the police force...
I was happy, but...
that dream won't come true.
”...You're right.”
itachi could only give vague answers.
When we reached the gate between the settlement and the village, I suddenly felt a presence near the wall.
”You're late... What were you doing? I have something to tell you.”
my father was looking at itachi with his arms crossed.
Let's hurry home"
「Okay.」
Nodding to the weasel in answer, my father begins to walk in front of me.
Itachi moved his heavy leg with his brother still on his back, as if to follow the unwavering footsteps heading straight for the house.
How long has it been bothering me to confront my father like this?
i know the answer.
but itachi didn't want to accept that answer.
My father's room
in front of itachi and sasuke, sitting side by side, is my father with his arms crossed.
Tomorrow, I hear"
my father suddenly started talking.
itachi feels his heart beating faster without saying a word.
i knew what my father meant.
it's about the assassination of mukai tomorrow.
it's making my heart beat faster.
How much does my father know?
and who told you about the mission?
there is a vague answer to the latter question.
only those close to danzo can ask that.
why did danzo leak information about the mission to my father?
Suspicion stirs doubt, tearing itachi's heart apart.
*giggle*... As expected of my child... It's only been half a year since she was promoted to the rank of Chunin.
itachi is watching his father silently
sasuke was looking at his brother with worried eyes.
About tomorrow's special mission... I'm going with you.
my chest throbbed the most violently this day.
But the shaking of her brother sitting next to her was far more intense than that.
He's so busy with his family, he's forgotten how important tomorrow is for his brother.
it makes me angry at my father.
「If this mission succeeds, itachi...... Your enlistment into the underworld will be almost unofficially decided.」
the father's eyes turn red as he stares at his son in silence.
「You get it, don't you...」
only one person was allowed to accompany the assassination of mukai.
i've already told danzo that sis is coming with us.
If he doesn't know that fact, then he doesn't know the details of the mission.
Someone must have told her the date of the mission.
Despite hating the village, we're being toyed with by information from the village.
I couldn't help but feel sorry for him.
a mission that requires preparedness to die.
there was no one who could be with him but sis.
i will not allow my father's intervention.
You don't have to worry so much. More importantly...
i saw sasuke.
He wants to cry out loud right now, but his smart brother laughs and stifles his own emotions.
Don't worry, Nii-san"
i felt like i could hear my brother's heart.
itachi smiles and puts words into his eyes.
Tell me... Tomorrow's an important day for you, isn't it"
With a strained look, I push her small back.
Dad... Tomorrow is my...
「Tomorrow's mission will be an important one for my family!」
My brother's courage was shattered by the hard words of his father, who only cared about his family.
and sasuke, desperately trying to hold back his tears, lowered his face with a frozen expression.
my anger towards my father is beyond its limit.
is your family that important to you?
don't you care about your brother?
the only thing in your eyes is the future of your family.
I don't care about my son trying to go on a suicide mission.
i don't even care about my brother.
how can you defeat the hidden leaf village with such a narrow view?
i hated everything.
”I'm going to quit tomorrow's mission.”
”...?! What are you talking about?! You should know how important tomorrow is! What the hell is going on?!”
「I'll be following Sasuke's ninja school entrance ceremony tomorrow.」
my father took a deep breath.
for the first time, my father remembered his children's plans for tomorrow.
That just irritates me even more...
it was sad.
It's customary for family members to attend the school's entrance ceremony. We've received notice, haven't we, Father"
i'm serious about abandoning the mission.
i'm not lying to you from the bottom of my heart.
my father seemed to understand itachi's seriousness.
After a brief silence, my father sighed in exasperation.
...Alright... I'll go to the ninja school.
He stood up and walked over to the table where his mother was waiting.
itachi and sasuke will leave the room and go after him.
there's a dry sound of a deer in the garden.
itachi knew that my father would always attend sasuke's entrance ceremony.
my son's enlistment in the dark division is the first step towards achieving the clan's dream.
i can't throw it at sasuke at the entrance ceremony.
I couldn't have my father accompany me on a mission, so I was seriously planning on attending Sasuke's entrance ceremony.
I'm not lying about being sick of everything, and about wanting to go to ninja school.
However, I hadn't given up on completing the mission with my sister.
Entering the Dark Brotherhood is not a foothold for achieving the clan's long-cherished wish.
It is a modest step towards achieving the Itachi's dream of becoming the best ninja in the world, to end all conflict.
i didn't mean to give it to you.
That's why you used my brother...
i'm disappointed in myself.
Sasuke had decided to attend his father's entrance ceremony, but he felt responsible for creating the awkward atmosphere between his brother and father. He quietly followed itachi.
Itachi looked over his shoulder at his brother, and opened his mouth to hide his guilt.
”Your left leg... Make sure you keep it cold.”
Isn't the smile on her face convulsing?
「Yeah...」
my brother answers with a complicated expression.
itachi couldn't find the words to say to sasuke.
「It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say I'm living for her sake.」
Kohinata Mukai breathes out a puff of cigarette smoke in front of her.
In the hand with no cigarettes is a silver bottle of liquor.
More than ten hidden ninjas were lying around the three glaring at each other.
he's already passed out.
i took them all down with itachi and shisie.
「 Surrender quietly, Kohinata Mukai. Hokage is tolerant of those who surrender. He won't kill anyone.」
a sissy standing next to itachi said
The three comma-shaped Tomoes were already visible in his eyes.
Mukai hangs her head so she doesn't see it, and smiles ironically.
「You're a well-known ninja when it comes to instantaneous sissies. Even so, is that all you can feel when walking in the sun? Or......」
Mukai suddenly stops talking and tilts the silver bottle.
Are you saying you're still a kid?
Mukai opens her right eye wide and smirks at me.
That condescending attitude of yours wrinkles the crease of your sister's brow
You know what I did, don't you? Then you should at least know whether you'll be forgiven for turning yourself in.
i'm going to flick my thumb, and i'm going to drop the ash.
「It's an honor to have two geniuses serving as assassins while you're excited about the present.」
he took a cigarette out of his pocket and threw it into a portable ashtray.
I put the lid on the silver bottle and put it in my vest pocket.
「It's dangerous like this.」
the mukai chakra suddenly increased in volume.
the shadow clones have returned.
at the same time that mukai chakra increased, itachi removed his own shadow clone who was watching konoha hospital.
「My son must be mad now that he knows that the old man he was talking to was a shadow clone.」
Mukai shovels his head and glares at the two in front of him.
I'd better go home and make up an excuse"
She lowers her hips and holds her hands up to her chest.
「Why would a ninja like you become a spy?」
There's a lot going on when you're an old man. And you won't understand it until you get older. So even if I tell you now, you won't understand half of it"
If you die, what will happen to your sick son?
That's why I can't die here. Even if I kill you.
Countless streaks run around Mukai's left eye.
「It's the whites of your eyes!」
By the time itachi yelled, the sissy had already jumped backwards and taken a distance.
I can't go easy on you, so forgive me"
i heard a mukai voice in the ear of the itachi who stood still.
the distance between us quickly closes.
the right and left palms attack the itachi's throat and solar plexus simultaneously at a tremendous speed.
I thrust my hand into her stomach, bending my index finger and middle finger inside her body.
「Hmph!」
The spirit-filled breath in Mukai's hand pulls out his intestines.
At that moment...
The wolverines that stood there with their stomachs torn open turned into a vast number of crows.
Instead of avoiding the beak that attacked her, Mukai survived as if nothing had happened with her elegant body.
the sisie creeps up behind him.
「Fire Arts・Hitachi no jutsu」
A fireball big enough to take the blame was spit out from the mouth of the sissy who quickly made the mark.
Mukai faces the fireballs with her right hand still out in front of her face.
Direct hit
no. no.
the ball of fire split in half in front of the mukai.
it didn't look like he did anything.
but that doesn't mean they're wrapped around their bodies.
It looks like the fireballs themselves broke in front of Mukai's eyes.
To wield a soft fist that cuts through enemy chakra means to know the flow. The art is a mass of chakra. If you can read the flow, it shouldn't be too hard to break it"
Mukai, who was happily giving a lecture, ran to the sis.
the sissie clouded my vision.
Although Shisui herself has more martial arts than average, her opponent is a user of soft fists.
it's not on the level of martial arts.
i couldn't help but look gloomy.
Itachi looks down on all the developments up until now from a distance.
About three hours after leaving Konohagakure Village, he went up north into the territory of Hinokuni.
three are fighting in a small basin surrounded by a small mountain.
There were plenty of places where one person could hide.
Itachi hides in plain sight behind a rock and watches over their battle.
shadow clones were the only ones who confronted mukai.
itachi never left this place to begin with.
the opponent is a user of soft fists.
It's too hard to take down in close quarters.
the battle is decided by a longrange blow.
Sharin'ophthalmology is a pupil technique.
put chakra in your eyes and put your opponent in the jutsu.
In other words, as long as you're within sight of them, you can set them up.
the crossover of eyes doesn't happen just under the conscious mind.
The enemy looks around, thinking it’s a casual scene.
If the visual axis and the caster's visual axis match perfectly, we can create a cross-eyed situation without the other person noticing.
itachi was waiting for that moment.
And for that reason, Shisui dares to face dangerous close quarters and struggles to adjust the position of the Mukai to the visual axis of the Itachi.
once the sharingan's pupils were activated, the rest should have been possible.
As long as there's a small flaw in Mukai's heart, we can use that as a starting point to gradually erode her pupils.
the problem is the first blow.
on top of being experienced, i can feel the flow of chakra with my eyes.
Mukai, a master of the Eye of Æon, knows exactly what to do with her Sharingan.
It was a plan to destroy it.
When she barely dodged Mukai's left thrust, she arched her back.
Mukai closes the distance as if it's an opportunity.
and the siswiped backwards.
At that moment, Mukai's face turned to the side of the rock where the Italians were hiding.
but the visual axis hasn't crossed yet.
When Mukai turned away from the landing sis, she suddenly looked away.
i activate the sharingan!
The sis's sharingan is a diversion"
The place where Mukai averted her eyes was in the shadow of the rock where the weasel was hiding.
Itachi's eyes, focused on the enemy, and Mukai's eyes, which unconsciously captured the scenery, intersected...
it was supposed to be.
Just when it was a hair's breadth away, a mukai suddenly kicked off the ground and flew.
what a jump.
when it lands, it kicks another rock and jumps.
they know where we are.
for a moment before, the mukai noticed the existence of the itachi with their white eye ability.
That's probably when he realized that I was activating the sharingan.
To confirm your own intuition, or to drag itachi into the field of battle.
anyway, the mukai jumps straight to the rock where the itachi hides.
Itachi won't miss a sissy standing behind him laughing.
the sissie is gone.
the next thing that appeared was in front of the mukai.
「Tch!」
Mukai clicks her tongue and is knocked down onto a rock face.
A sissy kick explodes in his face.
cranial fracture.
what appeared in itachi's eye was a broken log.
“A shadow clone?!”
That's right...
I heard a mutt's voice behind the weasel.
the posture of the soft fist
Two palms of Bagua'
the palms of my left and right palms repeatedly struck my stomach.
Four palms of Bagua"
I don’t even have time to breathe. This time, four shots.
Hakke hassho"
Mukai attacks mercilessly, as if sneering at the itachi's thoughts searching for a way to counterattack.
Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
i heard a grieving voice from the right side of the mukai.
blind spot in the whites.
At the edge of his hazy vision, the figure of a sissy giving off a flying kick wavers.
「Shhh...」
The only reason I had time to mutter was because Mukai took defensive positions.
no. no.
 worddefense doesn't mean much."
Mukai dodges the flying kick with just a tilt of her face, grabs the head of the sis with her outstretched left hand, and lifts it high.
Mukai held the strong young man's body with only one arm.
Sis is struggling desperately with her neck strangled.
but the five fingers that sink into my throat don't get flakey easily.
“Training is to overcome one’s weaknesses.
Covering the blind spot of one of my eyes with my martial arts was the first step in my training. Don’t underestimate Pops, brats.”
Kohinata Mukai"
itachi unconsciously called out the name of the powerful enemy in front of him
you're stepping forward without even realizing it.
“What? Do you want me to kill you?”
it was a situation where it could be taken as such.
I want to be shot by a soft fist and cut off the flow of chakra in my body. I don't know what kind of counterattack the Italians have left.
Moving forward without a plan is an act that can't be complained of even if it's judged barbaric.
but my feet won't stop moving forward.
I don't remember giving you an order, but you're just going to walk straight to the door.
「In that case, I will make you feel at ease, as you wish.」
“Guhhh!”
Mukai tightened her grip on the Sisie's neck.
i'm going to crush your throat.
Stop it"
Sharin's eye sparkled in the weasel's eye as it screamed.
There's no way such a blatant genjutsu will work on me.
mukai averted his eyes from itachi.
In front of me... was the face of my best friend.
Kaleidoscope Sharingan...
that's what the sissie whispered.
The eyes of his friend, which had changed to red, had a different shape than any Sharingan that the Itachi had seen before.
Sharingan refers to a circle in which a small black dot is drawn in the center of the eye and a magatama (comma-shaped dot) pattern appears in a circle that can be said to be an outer circle.
The power may change depending on the number of magatama, but this form itself was common to the clan.
but that's not the case with sis.
The three comma-shaped jewels are connected, and the small black dot in the center of her eyes has disappeared, forming a red cavities.
If the ratio of red to black in a normal Sharingan was about eight-to-two, then that would make it five-to-five in the eyes of a sissy.
It's only a few thousandths of a second before Shisui's and Mukai's gazes meet.
it's just a matter of time before the normal sharingan can catch it.
the sisie won't miss that moment.
There's no doubt that Mukai had fallen into the illusion...
Gah"
the sis, released from the restraints, screamed in a daze.
In front of him is Mukai, lying on the ground with blood splattered from her stomach.
itachi stands there, looking at it.
he cut his own stomach.
The moment she activated the Sharingan, Mukai stiffened up a little and took a kunai out of her pocket, then suddenly tore her stomach to pieces.
「Get a hold of yourself, Mukai!」
Sisie crouches down and yells, clutching the head of the Mukai.
「She's a spy from another village. If her brain interferes, she'll be able to take her own life. She won't make it.」
Blood gushes from Mukai's coughing mouth.
「I, it's the first time I've ever seen anyone fall for a pupil technique at that time... What the hell is that?」
Sisie won't answer.
「So it's our secret art...」
Worrying about the sissy, itachi called out to Mukai.
Is there anything you want to say?
「Th, this is what's happened, but... I, I've made my decision on my own... It's got nothing to do with my wife or kid...」
“Treachery is a sin of one's own?”
It's a selfish story, though...
My trembling hands are looking for something in my breast pocket.
the itachi took out the object he was looking for by pushing away the fingers of the mukai.
She picked a cigarette out of the box and held it out to the mukai.
”Th-The fire...”
This time, Shisie takes a lighter out of her pocket and lights it on the tip of her cigarette.
He took a cigarette in his mouth, took a deep breath, and poured it down to the bottom of his lungs. The mukai exhaled smoke as if tasting it.
「This is how shinobi die...... I'll wait for you there first......」
The hand holding the cigarette between his fingers snapped, and the mukai stopped moving.
It's over"
sis trembled with exhaustion as she said
itachi silently nodded.
About the Sharingan earlier...
Could you not tell the villagers?
sis mutters while staring at mukai's face
「Yeah.」
Kaleidoscope Sharingan...
Once again, her sissy eyes show the pattern of those perverted sharingan.
”When the time comes, I will tell you everything.”
Itachi felt irresistible charm from his friend's hidden power.
「Rohan...」
Itachi stared straight at Danzo, who muttered while looking down at the documents.
This is Danzo's room in the manor given to him by the Roots.
Sitting in front of an ebony desk, he rested his left elbow on the armrest, holding documents in his right hand, and didn't look at the weasel at all.
“Captain, you're a scarecrow, aren't you?”
「Okay.」
itachi answered concisely.
I've been wondering about the man standing next to Danzo.
the one with the white tiger mask.
it's not like there's a clear reason for what.
It's just that I'm curious about the man.
The eyes on the other side of the round hole in the white mask have been staring at the itachi for a long time.
That sly look makes my heart flutter for some reason.
“That man is excellent.”
danzo told me to swear.
Kakashi Hatake...
when itachi became a shinobi, he saved me.
On a mission to protect the fire lords, an unknown man attacked and killed Tenma from the same unit.
Itachi, who hadn't opened his sharingan yet, was prepared to die from the overwhelming difference in power.
But the man murmured the scarecrow's name and disappeared.
I still don’t know why the man disappeared back then.
but the man muttered the scarecrow's name and disappeared.
i don't know if it's because i'm afraid of his power or if there's some other reason.
「That man has darkness. That is the most important element to the darkness.」
Darkness...
Do you have it?
itachi asks himself
「Don't worry. You have plenty of darkness as well.」
Danzo said, as if he could see right through me.
I'm not that surprised at how many times we've met.
As long as you have the ability to discern the other's mental state, it's possible to guess ahead of them and give an answer to their thoughts.
danzo's just using that technology.
I've prepared a transfer celebration"
Danzo tosses the documents to his desk and stands up.
Putting the ebony chair under the same desk, I stood next to the tiger's face and saw a weasel.
And when she put her hand on the man's shoulder, she smiled unusually cheerfully.
「We've decided to lend this guy out to the gang.」
Danzo's roots were part of the underworld, but he was completely separated from the underworld under the direct control of the third hokage in terms of the chain of command and leadership.
That's why itachi has heard that neither of them exchange information or personnel with each other often in the dark.
”Don't worry. I have Hiruzen's permission, of course.”
danzo said again, as if he could see right through me.
no matter how many times i hear itachi's arrogant, i don't like it.
「I'm sorry for the first time in my life. I'll call it a sugarto.」
all of a sudden, the tiger's mask spoke.
She must have choked on something, as there was a dry rustling sound in the corner of her voice, making it hard to hear her voice.
Sugal suffered from a serious illness when she was young, and ever since then, she hasn't been able to speak properly.
「What else do you need to talk about? What else do you need to talk about?」
There was something wrong with her voice, but her tone was light.
Looks like he's got a friendly personality.
「You can use this man as your arm and leg.」
Hands and feet"
Yeah"
sugal answered the weasel that asked danzo.
“I am a ‘root’. Danzo-sama’s order is absolute. I am prepared to give my life to those who are younger than me.”
suguru who gives a nonchalant sarcasm
itachi stares at danzo without even smiling.
「I can live in the shadows on my own.」
Don't take it too seriously. In the end, Sugal was lent to the Rohan. Even the captain's Scarecrow doesn't know about your relationship with him. As long as you don't worry about Sugal, that's fine. But Sugal will always protect you"
Safe? Are you saying that someone is after me?
「We're the first Dark Brothers, and we're only eleven years old. We have plenty of titles for jealousy and jealousy.」
It's true that when I met with the Rohan, I was baptized by my friends on the way to the training ground"
Not directly, but a kunai fell from empty space without end"
it's silent pressure that seems to be blocking the way to the training ground.
Itachi didn't defend or dodge, but simply walked away.
The scarecrow admonished them for their actions, but none of them really reflected on their actions.
I respect you. I don't want you to die young out of jealousy.
No matter who attacks...
「Don't underestimate the ninja in the dark.」
danzo stops itachi's words.
The closer you get to the center of the village, the more people who don't like us. It wouldn't be strange for them to try to kill you for the sake of their mission. If you die, what do you think of our clan"
Don't tell me...
”I'm saying it's possible.”
Danzo nods, as if affirming his thoughts.
itachi will die during the mission.
my father suspects that it's a conspiracy by the villagers.
the death of itachi will be a great trigger for those who are dissatisfied with the position of the clan.
When I thought my death might trigger the coup d'etat, Itachi felt a chill run down his spine.
You are already in a position of great responsibility to both the village and our family.
Stepping away from Sugal, I turned my desk and stood in front of the weasel, and Danzo gently touched my shoulder.
「We need you to become a bridge connecting the village and your clan, so please live long, Itachi.」
danzo said the same thing my father said.
The hidden leaf village and my family...
Is it a parallel existence?
among the people who live in konohagakure village, there should be a family.
Then isn't it unnatural for two people to be related in the first place? Why don't we have complete control of the family"
Why are my kin so dissatisfied with the village when they even have autonomy?
that connects the two.
my father used to say pipe.
if you ask danzo, it's a bridge.
they're both the same.
「I'll protect your life. Don't worry and fulfill your duties as a member of the underworld. We're itachi.」
As Danzo spoke in satisfaction...
itachi returns a small bow and leaves the room immediately.
It's been a while...
izumi said with her head down.
There's a Itachi in a small park in my clan's settlement.
It was in the evening after the transfer to the dark club was completed and the report to Danzo was finished.
When I was standing at the entrance to the settlement, I met Izumi on her way back from work.
either way, they naturally turned their backs on the park.
Izumi sits alone on the swing, and Itachi sits on the bench behind her.
I'm sorry about back then.
Back then"
Itachi asked back.
Izumi looked over her shoulder while swinging the swings.
See, at the tea shop in the village...
i just remembered.
Izumi's apologizing for running away from the store in anger.
Come to think of it, we haven't talked in private since then.
A lot has happened since then, and honestly, I didn't have time to think about Izumi.
That's why I've completely forgotten what happened at the teahouse until now.
First of all, even if you apologize now, itachi wasn't angry at all at that time, so it's not a problem that I won't forgive or forgive.
I should be the one apologizing.
「Why are you apologizing, Itachi-kun?」
I didn't think Izumi would be that worried.
「Fufuu......」
izumi leaned forward and started pedaling on the swing.
What is it"
「That's so like you, Itachi-kun.」
Izumi said in a cheerful tone that seemed to have cheered her up.
Itachi can't keep up with the sudden change of heart.
Itachi thought he was going to be disturbed, so he tried to change the subject.
How's the mission going?
Compared to Itachi-kun, it's nothing"
saying that, izumi kicked the swing and flew into the air.
Turn forward and land neatly.
Izumi turned around with her thin hands spread to the left and right.
It's been used for various purposes, like caring for the pets of the daimyo's wife and helping them move to the fire country.
「I see...」
itachi's lips naturally smiled.
I'm relieved to hear that Izumi hasn't experienced any dangerous missions.
i didn't want to look at the answer to why i was relieved.
itachi thinks he's still a shinobi and a novice.
That's why I didn't have the composure to take Izumi seriously.
I want to walk the same path as the man I love. Is that something I shouldn't think about"
I think I understand how Izumi felt when she said that and left.
but i can't answer that.
「Hey, Itachi-kun.」
What is it"
「If... If you hadn't become a ninja, what would've happened to Itachi-kun?」
I've never even thought about it"
itachi was born under the parents of the ninja.
and i had no doubt that i would become a shinobi myself.
i also think that only ninja can have the power to grant the dream of eliminating conflict in this world.
that's why i couldn't think of any other way besides ninja.
「I see...」
Izumi hung her head sadly.
「I heard you went into the dark.」
Did you hear that"
「There's no one in the settlement I don't know.」
the dark division is a highly confidential division.
the shinobi you belonged to were also asked from the village not to reveal their identities as much as possible.
Itachi's assumption of the dark side has already spread throughout the settlement...
It sounds like the strength of a clan's unity, but is it really all right to have this much information leak out? What if the villagers overheard us talking about a coup d'etat?
「Hey, Itachi-kun.」
izumi's voice brings itachi back to reality.
I'm scared"
For what"
「I feel like Itachi-kun's just getting farther and farther away...」
all of a sudden, i felt a shock in my chest.
izumi's head is under his neck.
”I-Izumi...”
「I-I'm sorry, Itachi-kun. But let me stay like this a little longer.」
itachi could not do anything and waited for izumi to calm down
W-We're only eleven years old... And yet, itachi-kun... Where are you going, Itachi-kun"
I'm not going anywhere"
Probably......
the weasels took the last word.
Aren't you a little disappointed"
The man in the fox mask said to the weasel standing beside the plain door.
It's standing on the other side of the door.
The man continues to speak calmly to the silent Itachi.
「Just because it's dark doesn't mean it's always a dangerous mission. Protecting the Hokage is also a fine mission.」
I understand"
itachi answered plainly.
His face is covered with a fox's mask, like a man's.
Whereas a man's mask is suspended, a hole with itachi's eyes is round.
the name of the man wearing a suspension mask is hatake kakashi.
he's the captain of the dark unit and the direct superior of itachi.
She's only about 20 years old, but it's already been eight years since she joined the underworld, which is the elite of the village.
He is capable and highly trusted by the Hokage.
itachi's known this man for a long time.
When Tenma died...
it was this scarecrow that came to save me.
If the scarecrow had shown up earlier, Tenma might not have died.
shinobi only value reality and results.
The fact that Tenma's dead is irreversible. It's too late now.
's not like I'm trying to saywhat if"
「Have you learned the basics of black ops?」
the scarecrow asked me a simple question.
he's a good boss who cares about the feelings of his new young subordinate.
killing my friends.
those who speak ill of the scarecrow always speak of them.
i've heard it many times since itachi entered the dark place.
but they're all words of those who are older than the scarecrow and resign to their subordinates.
nothing but slander from jealousy and jealousy.
Captain Scarecrow would kill his comrades to complete his mission"
The faces of those who speak ill of him were always hideous.
Even now, she's worried about itachi, who hasn't been in the dark in a long time, and she's trying her best to find a way to start a conversation.
Everything is in my head"
As expected of you"
For itachi, who had read up on the ninja platoon's operation book, the tactics peculiar to the underworld were very interesting.
fourman cell, threeman cell, twoman cell.
and at the end of the day, it's the only way
In every situation that a ninja would encounter on a mission, it always covers practical combat tactics from an aggressive position to search for the possibility of accomplishing a mission.
Even diversions, distractions, defensive formations, and teamwork, everything specialized in defeating enemies and completing missions.
Itachi was driven by intellectual curiosity, so he read through a thick strategy book that specialized in the dark in one night.
「You're just one of the brightest ninja schools I've ever met.」
What are you talking about? You're the youngest to graduate"
When I graduated, I was in the middle of a world war and everything needed ninja, so the situation is different now.
speaking of which, the ninja school system is different from when itachi graduated.
when itachi graduated, there were still traces of the great war.
That's why I was allowed to skip grades and graduate early.
However, now that peace has been restored, there is the will of the Hokage that the Shinobi must be nurtured with care over many years, and they can no longer graduate in a short time like they did in the past.
as a result, no matter how talented sasuke is, he can't become a ninja until he's 11 years old.
It's just in my head. I can't say I've memorized it unless I work together with my friends.
”You'll be fine.”
the scarecrow said as if he'd seen it.
There's no sense of overestimation, negligence, or irresponsibility in the sound of it.
it was a very natural voice.
that's why it's so persuasive.
「I hope the darkness will make you proud.」
Thank you very much"
A boss you can trust...
there was something about the man called kakashi that made me think that.
No matter how many times I come here, I can't bring myself to like this place...
Itachi took a deep breath through his nose in the shrine that controlled the heat.
it's my kin that fills the space.
it's a regular meeting.
there was also the figure of izumi who became a shinobi.
the itachi, a young man, is in the lower seat.
izumi, who was the same age as me, was sitting on the same page as a few others.
Perhaps it’s because she’s overawed by the heat, but she doesn’t move.
I'd like to talk to him, but in contrast to the heat, the shrine was silent, and there was a silent pressure that wouldn't allow him to act rashly.
「Well then, shall we begin?」
My father, sitting in the front row, stood up and turned to face the others.
everyone's waiting for my father's words.
It was like a cult leader and a believer.
A leader who bears the grudge of his family...
it was the dark face of the itachi's father, the pheasant.
「My son, Itachi, has officially joined the Dark Brotherhood. He has already begun to carry out his duties as a member of the Dark Brotherhood.」
quiet cheers echoed throughout the shrine.
With this, our family has a connection to the center of the village. From now on, we will not only receive it from the village, but we will also investigate.
it wasn't my father who did it.
Itachi"
my father called my son's name.
Itachi stood up without making a sound and waited for his words.
「Did you notice anything when you joined the Dark Brotherhood?」
Itachi's bewildered by such a vague question.
The villagers are prejudiced against the clan, and they don't like it"
that's probably what my father wants.
In fact, my friends in the Dark Brotherhood aren't welcome to join the Itachi Clan, and some of them are just trying to harass us.
But I couldn't say for sure that it was just because we were part of the family.
The youth of the itachi, the eleventh, is one of the reasons why they are irritated.
It's true that the people of the village are wary of the clan and don't like it.
「That's right!」
A sympathizing voice rose from within the seat as the weasel spat out the words that came to the answer his father wanted.
”But...”
Itachi continued, adding weight to his voice as if to suppress careless jeers.
「But I don't feel any aggressive hatred toward them. I think their emotions are nothing more than jealousy and jealousy.」
My father's right eyebrow twitched as he folded his arms and listened.
The jealousy and jealousy you speak of can sometimes gather together and cause a great wave of emotions.
My brethren begin to murmur, as if in agreement with my father's words.
As if to separate the voices in the herd, the weasels put strength into their words in the pit of their stomachs.
If you keep making bad predictions like that, everything will be reduced to a negative phenomenon"
A man stands in front of his father, silently glaring at his son.
My father's confidant, Yashiro.
「Hey, itachi.」
Yashiro calls out with bloodlust in his narrow eyes.
itachi continued to stare silently at his confidant.
「You're supporting the village a lot, aren't you? Which side are you on, the village or the family? I'm sure you've lost your sense of judgment after enlisting in the underworld.」
It's better not to put things in context with words...
What is it"
Enemy... Ally... When you distinguish things by using words, you lose sight of your true feelings."
'll have to step into a place you don't have to go"
「I don't have time for incomprehensible dialogues. Whose side are you on? Ours hurts!」
Yashiro's roar calms the shrine.
Isn't it obvious...
Itachi continued glaring at his right-hand man.
I am a member of the family.
Do you have a moment"
On the way home after the meeting, the itachi that walked away from my father was stopped by the sis.
Suspicious of his son standing still, the father turned around and saw his best friend.
What's wrong, Sis"
”I wanted to talk to your son...”
looking at shisui and itachi alternately
Don't be too late"
With that said, she starts walking down the street by herself.
「Shhh...」
when we were alone, itachi called his friend's name.
「I know how you feel so well it hurts.」
The friend furrows his brow as he says that, and it seems like he regrets it from the bottom of his heart.
「Yashiro's the leader of the coup d'etat supporters. To him, everyone in the village is his enemy.」
I still can't stop hearing the rude words she said earlier.
Itachi looks away from the image of Yashiro in his mind.
I'm on the move, just like you did in the dark.
What do you mean by that"
「I've negotiated with Lord Hokage directly, and gained the authority to investigate the family's internal affairs on my own.」
what do you mean by investigating the inside of the family?
Itachi was bewildered by words he couldn't understand immediately, and the sissy opened her mouth as if she understood that.
「In order to prevent the clan from acting any more suspiciously, I left my normal duties. My clan's dissatisfaction erupted. In order to prevent that from happening, I decided to act on my own discretion, and I became a member of the Dark Brotherhood. However, that was just a pretext, and I was treated as a direct subordinate of the Hokage. That's why your father and the others don't know about my dark side, and few people inside know about it.」
「Don't tell me you're......」
Don't worry, I didn't say anything about the coup d'etat.
If the village learns of our clan's conspiracy, it'll be obvious they won't be able to keep each other in check like they are now"
「Itachi, you fight from the inside out of the organization called the Dark Brotherhood, and I fight from the standpoint of a ninja under the direct control of the Hokage.」
「No matter what happens, I won't forget our promise.」
the sisie holds out her fist.
itachi also stuck out his fist in sync.
We have to stop the coup d'etat at all costs.
At the sound of her harsh voice...
itachi nodded in agreement.
a scene i didn't want to believe unfolded before my eyes.
There's a windowless room in the basement of a dark building, and it's filled with monitors.
what was reflected in it were many familiar scenes for itachi
「The Nine-Tails Vale... The higher-ups in the village doubted my family's involvement.」
itachi listened while looking at the monitor as the scarecrow next to him spoke.
「The higher-ups weren't satisfied with simply segregating the settlement from the edge of the village, so they began a 24-hour surveillance of it.」
So that's this room"
That's right"
With countless buttons and levers in front of the monitor, my friends in the dark are operating the screen.
Even though I can't see their faces, I can see their relaxed expressions.
That's how distracted my friends are.
that's understandable.
From my friends' point of view, it's just a monotonous mission of staring at the monitor.
I don't even care how important that is to my family.
「Were we all seen?」
I don't think there's any need to check every little thing, but this is...
I know. I will never report this to my family.
there's no way i can tell you.
Knowing that every corner of the settlement is being watched 24 hours a day will only make my fathers more angry.
They're already making a fuss about a coup d'etat, so I'm just going to give them what they want.
itachi was sent to the dark by his father as a spy investigating the inside of the village.
If you intend to fulfill your duty faithfully, you should inform your family of this fact at once.
By the time I've given up on telling you, the Itachi have also given up on being a clan spy.
”I'm going to have you stay here for the next day to keep an eye on things.”
「Are you telling me to keep an eye on my family?」
The man in the monkey mask, who had been quietly listening to the conversation between the scarecrow and itachi, suddenly stood up.
「Whether you're friends or not, your mission is a mission. Your family has taken in the Nine-Tails. That's why you're being watched. Accept reality, rookie.」
「Kou.」
the scarecrow called out the monkey mask's name as if to rebuke him.
Then another colleague sitting next to Ko turns his chair around and faces the scarecrow.
a roundfaced cat mask.
His sister was killed by the nine tails. That's why we don't have a good impression of the family"
「Don't stick your personal feelings into the mission.」
When the scarecrow says that, Ko comes up to me with her head down.
I know. I'm sorry.
She bows and walks past the scarecrow.
「I'm counting on you, newbie.」
Ko's dissatisfied expression is followed by the round-faced cat face.
「Oh, there she is.」
the scarecrow said while looking at the door where they disappeared.
”Come with him.”
standing in front of the door was danzo's ninja, sugal.
it's been almost four hours since the scarecrow left.
sugal doesn't say a word.
Itachi wasn't good at casual conversation, so he didn't feel uncomfortable with the silence.
the time passed when we just stared at the monitor together.
it was a coincidence that i found it.
Although it's a mission, the Itachi blood isn't so cold as to be able to calmly observe the lives of my brethren.
I switch the security camera footage as often as I can so that I don't stay in one place, and continue to change the screen in front of me.
I managed to maintain my composure by watching it for a while.
Itachi, who's trained to remember the scene at a glance, has the self-confidence to do his job well enough for this act alone.
Feeling slightly out of place at one of the fragments, itachi stopped moving.
View of Minamigano-jinja Shrine from the torii
A stone-paved passage extends straight from the stone torii to the main building of the shrine.
The space around the shrine and the torii looks a little crooked"
it's a momentary event
the scenery on the monitor had already regained its silence.
maybe sugal doesn't realize it's just a little blur on the screen.
If anyone else saw it, they'd think the camera was blown by the wind.
but itachi recognized the mess in the scenery.
The scenery around the center of the paving stones was swirling around a single point"
It's as if the surrounding space is being sucked into that point.
The masked man...
The phenomenon that occurred on the other side of the monitor was the same one that the man who attacked us during our mission to protect the fire country daimyo used to escape.
”Why would he...?”
Muttering carelessly, Itachi regretted noticing Sugal's presence.
sugal is staring at the monitor in front of him.
regretting his own inexperience, itachi once again dived into a sea of thought.
when tenma died, itachi clearly saw the eyes of the man behind the mask
A black dot appears in the center of her crimson eyes, and three Magatama (comma-shaped beads) appear in the concentric circle.
that man's right eye was definitely a sharingan.
Which means he's a member of the family.
more than three years have passed since that incident.
Even now, the scene of Tenma's death comes to mind sometimes.
Tenma died, clumsily covered in fear, as if he didn't know what had happened.
At that time, itachi was shocked by the overwhelming difference in power between the masked man and himself.
Disappointed by my own powerlessness, I opened my sharingan.
so to speak, the masked man is the man who awakened itachi as a true ninja.
Avenge my colleague or benefactor.
i felt a strange bond with the masked man.
for the past three years, itachi has dreamed of the true identity of men many times.
I thought we were part of the family, but today I'm convinced.
the blur in the footage is the masked man's fault.
And then, that man appeared at Minamigano Shrine.
and on the day tenma died
it shows that we're all part of the family.
so who in the family is it?
Three years have passed since then, and the Itachi have come into contact with all the men of the village.
No member of my clan has the ninjutsu to manipulate space like that man.
no one had the same voice or presence as that man.
And most of all, itachi himself had a hunch that men weren't from the village.
who, then?
my family has lived in the village since the konoha was founded.
I don't even hear that anyone other than my family has Sharingan.
Although there are some exceptions such as Hatake Kashi, this is also a story in Konoha.
If the precious limits of blood flow out of the village like the sharingan and the white eye, it'll be a national crisis"
there's no way it's not recorded in the village's records.
So far, there hasn't been any mention of Sharingan being lost to other villages.
When you think about it that way, it's only natural that you'd narrow down your options.
First of all, it's possible our clan survived the last World War II when it was thought to have died on the battlefield, and became a masked man.
During the war, it was a rule that Sharingan were always brought back by other ninja if a member of the clan died on the battlefield.
So there's no way the body was taken from her.
In that case, it's more appropriate to assume that the people we thought were dead are still alive, and that they're walking into the settlement with their sharingan"
And the second option is the possibility that the man who left our clan before was a masked man.
this is less likely than the first option.
because there's only one shinobi who left the clan and left the village.
My name is Madara...
He was the man who founded Konohagakure no sato (village of hidden leaf) together with Hashirama of the Senju clan.
He left the village and died fighting a pillar in what is now known as the Valley of the End.
there's no way a dead man could be alive.
The second option should have been thrown away at that point.
but itachi can't forget this second option.
At that time, the overwhelming chakra and presence of the masked man I felt on my skin was stronger than any shinobi itachi had ever encountered.
if such a shinobi died during the great war, it should be recorded in history.
however, there is no record of such a competent shinobi dying anywhere in the world war.
In that case...
Itachi would have been more convinced that Madara was still alive.
「...Tachi.」
i heard someone's voice in the distance.
「Ow, ow!」
sugal's hard voice brings itachi back to reality.
「It's time to switch solos.」
“Aah...”
itachi answers ambiguously.
Indulging in my thoughts, I continue to press the button with my fingertips.
The monitor, which I hadn't seen at all while averting my eyes, was twirling around and changing scenery.
「Are you okay?」
What are you talking about"
i answer sugal's question with a question.
「No... It's nothing special.」
sugal didn't say another word.
it's been two months since i entered the dark.
But the monotonous days continue as usual.
Their main duties are guarding the Hokage's office and training with their comrades, and they haven't been assigned a mission that puts their lives in danger yet.
If there's that many assassinations and important missions, the village won't be at peace. The fact that we're free proves we're at peace"
the scarecrow is laughing at you.
The village is at peace...
so why is itachi asking?
the village should be peaceful, so why is my heart so messed up?
why do i feel so impatient?
it's the family.
In the shadows of peace in our village, our people desire war.
that's what's disturbing itachi's heart.
we have to stop the coup at all costs.
but i couldn't come up with a concrete solution.
Even if you say you're going to work with the sissies, or if you're going to stand side-by-side and spread your arms, your clan's urges can't be contained.
itachi's impatient to find a way out of this.
「Gyahahahaa!」
A loud voice like it tore through the ears of the itachi returning from the mission.
I stop in my tracks and see a small park in front of my field of vision.
it's already late for evening.
The sun had already set in the west, and the surrounding area was beginning to be shrouded in darkness.
The boy who let out that laugh is standing on the swing.
There were three figures running in the direction he was looking.
probably a friend of his.
「You can't beat this Uzumaki Naruto-sama!」
the swing boy yelled.
The figure doesn't look in his direction. It just leaves, talking to each other.
The boy who called himself Naruto sat down on the swing sadly as he gazed at the three familiar figures.
She was bluffing, no matter how you look at it.
itachi knew from the moment the boy introduced himself.
Uzumaki Naruto is known to everyone in the village.
The boy in front of me is involved in the Nine-Tails affair that terrorized the villagers.
a child with nine tails on him.
if he goes down the street, everyone goes quiet.
there was only one person who didn't know the nine tails were inside him.
naruto himself.
They will be sealed in their bodies before they know the calamity of the village, and live in fear of the people.
naruto doesn't understand why he's being bullied by people.
his parents are no longer in this world.
there's no one to love him for nothing.
itachi somehow made his way to the park.
Walk quietly towards the swings of the frail swings.
sitting next to naruto hanging his head.
“Whoa!”
noticing the itachi that appeared out of nowhere, naruto almost fell off the swing in surprise.
Fighting more than necessary, I manage to stay on the swing and they'll look at me suspiciously"
Don't scare me like that"
「Sorry.」
「Wait, who the hell are you?」
naruto stares at me with wide eyes.
Itachi shook the swings and looked straight ahead.
「Who I am doesn't matter.」
My mom told me not to talk to strangers...
You're not here, are you"
When Itachi said...
naruto put his right hand behind his head with a smile like he was embarrassed.
So you do know"
Uzumaki Naruto is a famous prankster.
「Am I that famous?」
In a sense"
「Heheheh...」
naruto smiles happily, not understanding itachi's sarcasm.
My friend ran away"
「Those guys who don't understand my pranks aren't my friends.」
naruto's voice is awfully cheerful.
She seemed to be doing her best to be cheerful so that she wouldn't realize how lonely she was.
everyone knows who naruto is.
The Nine-Tails Vale still leaves a deep scar on the village.
As long as they're suspected of manipulating the Nine-Tails, they still can't escape the influence of this incident.
Because of this incident, itachi himself has been subjected to many slander that he does not remember.
I don't think there's anyone in this village who can interact with the boy who's carrying the cause of it.
In other words, Naruto is the biggest victim of the Nine-Tails Vale.
itachi doesn't know how naruto sealed the nine tails.
But I don't think it's right for a young baby to contain a mass of calamity.
Didn't you think about what kind of persecution he'd be subject to if you did that?
the details of the nine tails incident are confidential.
the truth was hidden in darkness, and only naruto remained.
naruto is a part of the village's darkness.
this village is built on sacrifices like naruto.
The higher-ups sealed the calamity in Naruto, and by persecuting our clan, we've managed to divert people's dissatisfaction and skillfully run the village.
By intentionally creating darkness, as if to hide her own darkness...
and now itachi is a part of that village's darkness.
because the darkness is the true darkness of the village.
「Nii-chan!」
Hmm"
naruto's eyes were wide open.
Are you okay with being quiet all of a sudden"
It'll be fine"
That's good to hear"
naruto looks up at me worriedly.
It's about time for you to go home"
「There's no one here when I get home, so...」
naruto will pretend to be tough by bending his mouth.
Okay, I'm going home.
「Whaaat!?」
naruto will exaggerate his surprise at the itachi who stood up.
Do your best"
itachi thinks he said something that doesn't make him feel better.
but it seems naruto was happy, and he laughed and rubbed his nose with his fingers.
And then, jumping off the swing with great force, she stood up and pointed her index finger at the itachi.
「My name is Uzumaki Naruto! I'm going to become the Hokage someday!」
「I see, the Hokage......」
itachi's heart is on fire.
Despite bearing the darkness of the village on his shoulders, this boy has not given up on his own fate.
You don't hate your village, you don't hate people, and you believe in your dreams with honest eyes.
I hope I can"
I'll make it happen. Remember that until then, Brother"
itachi turns his back on naruto and starts walking.
the sky was filled with stars.
danzo called me.
Sit in a chair with a sour look
Next to the owner of the root was Suguru, who was supposed to be in the Rohan.
「How's the darkness?」
「I don't know yet.」
That's an honest opinion. From now on, you'll be experiencing things you can't do unless you're in the dark. Until then, polish your skills.
danzo talks like he's his boss.
but itachi is a dark part under the direct control of the hokage, and it has nothing to do with the roots.
In terms of official relations, Danzo and Itachi had nothing to do with each other.
The reason I called you here today was none other than...
shut up and listen to danzo.
「I've heard that the settlements in our family have been hard on outsiders lately.」
It's true that over the past few months, the settlements have started to have an exclusive atmosphere.
It was as if the settlement itself had a will of its own when my father said the word coup d'etat.
You're attending your regular meetings, aren't you?
danzo asked me directly.
our clan is being watched 24 hours a day by the dark side.
It was quite natural for Danzo to know about the meeting.
「Okay.」
Itachi decided there was no point in hiding it, so he answered honestly.
danzo nods in satisfaction.
I'll be frank. I want you to report the details of the meeting to me.
itachi's voice is filled with pressure that won't let him say yes or no.
At this rate, our family will be destroyed. In order to stop that, we need your help.
Are you telling me to betray my family?
“I'm not betraying you. I'm saving you.”
Danzo puts his elbows on the desk and places his chin on the palm of his hand.
My left eye shoots itachi like a deep, dark cave.
Betrayal is a detriment to those who have been betrayed. The act of reporting the details of the meeting will prevent the clan from exploding, and will benefit the clan as a result. Therefore, it is not a betrayal"
it's a clever rhetoric.
I'm sure you were trying to trick me with logic, but the Itachi weren't fooled.
No matter what the result of the meeting is for the family, it's nothing but betrayal if you tell Danzo about it.
danzo is wrong.
achi wasn't obsessed with the wordtraitor"
「Understood.」
「I knew you'd say that, since you hate conflict more than anyone else.」
the root lord answered in a voice that didn't express his feelings.
i hate to break it to you, but danzo's right.
Itachi still hasn't found a concrete plan to prevent a coup d'etat.
Danzo's offer was irresistible and irresistible.
we will be able to obtain the cooperation of the third hokage by sisie.
And itachi's decision could be the trigger to take advantage of Danzo's power.
By connecting with the village's core, we should be able to prevent the clan's explosion"
I don't want to take away my family's dignity. I'll leave the selection of information to you.
Thank you very much"
「I'm counting on you, Itachi. The fate of your family is in your hands.」
Danzo's voice pierced my shoulders.
Itachi's determination is not so weak as to be unable to bear that weight.
I took a deep breath into my stomach, as if I was aware of my own heavy responsibility.
It smelled like blood...
So this is how it's going to be...
the scarecrow muttered next to itachi, who was holding his breath.
At that time, the captain's face was covered in a black mask.
i jumped off the cliff like i was chasing after him.
In the hollow we're heading for are the corpses of our comrades.
the enemy i killed was a shinobi of a small country, the shinobi of a frost country.
just as i was about to form an alliance.
During the mission to exchange letters stating the final conditions for concluding the alliance ten days later, the ninjas of the frost country grew their fangs.
the enemy never wanted an alliance.
against konoha shinobi, there are about 10 opponents.
we're outnumbered.
the ninja in konoha who were entrusted to receive the letter were killed in an instant.
As soon as we confirm the negotiations are over, we'll exterminate the enemy.
that was the mission itachi and the others took.
In other words, don't move until we know what's going on.
That's why it took so long to make the first move. As a result, all our allies were annihilated.
when the shinobi of the frost country appeared with ten people, there was enough sign of a breakdown.
If the Darkness had jumped out at that point, our friends might not have died.
But even if itachi were in his position, he wouldn't have been able to move until the four of them were annihilated.
the scarecrow in front of you will land in the midst of the enemy.
his right hand had already penetrated an enemy.
The blue lightning engulfed the captain's arm.
Chidori... Scarecrow's specialty"
By the time the captain pulled out his right arm, the weasel had landed in the middle of the enemy.
there are two more in the dark division.
one is sugal.
and the other one is a young ninja named tenzo.
he's a little younger than the scarecrow.
but i've had quite a long career in the dark.
The dark side of Konoha?"
The moment the enemy screams, the thick tree trunk coils around the man’s neck and strangles him like a snake.
Unable to resist, the man died with his long tongue hanging from his lips.
tenzo's jutsu.
Tenzo was able to use Mokuton ninjutsu, which was said to only be used between the first hokage and hashirama.
From the very beginning, Konoha had no intention of forming an alliance with us.
another enemy told the scarecrow.
「You're the one who started it.」
Without waiting for a rebuttal, Chidori will gouge the enemy's stomach.
itachi heard a scream like a scream on his back.
The enemy I see over my shoulder is facing me, holding his sword high.
i turned around, body and all.
my sword is closing in on my head.
i quickly raised my right arm.
Grab the right wrist of the enemy gripping the handle
「Kuh!」
Give up"
i'll tell you with my hand on your wrist.
Unable to even swing his longsword, the enemy glares at the itachi with cold sweat.
Sharingan
The enemy's body trembled violently once, and she lost all strength.
Like a puppet with its strings cut, the head of the enemy who is about to fall to the ground flies through the air in front of itachi's eyes.
ninja swords glisten behind the enemy
sugal.
「The mission of Miss Hokage is to exterminate the enemy.」
sugal whispers in a voice that only itachi can hear.
he was reading my plan to use the genjutsu of the sharingan to make me faint.
there is no need to annihilate the enemy.
Whether the messenger returns or not, this will soon be known to the Frost Realm.
If it's revenge, it's only the four who killed.
It would be more effective to keep others alive and let them talk about the power of the Konoha family to keep the Frost Realm in check.
“I know.”
When I told Sugal he was already on his way to a new foe, itachi took aim at his next target.
we have four men left.
you've already lost the will to fight.
The Sugal ninja sword swung the head of the man who fell unconscious and begged for his life.
Deep inside, a sharp branch created by Tenzou's Tree Escape Ninjutsu pierces through the back of a female ninja trying to escape.
With this, Shimonokuni and Konoha are enemies!
”I'm sure your lives will prevent that.”
The arm of the scarecrow whispers gently into the enemy's solar plexus.
「Ow, ow!」
Tenzou's voice
the itachi's eyes caught the enemy approaching with a look of death.
The enemy who holds the kunai in both hands and bites down on his teeth is not even ten years old.
the frost country is small.
Even though there's no big war left, in a country with so few ninjas and so little national strength, even a child like this should be enough.
“Taahh!”
The screams of fighting spirit are no longer voices of crying.
itachi accepted the boy into his heart.
a sharp pain runs through my stomach.
the boy's kunai was stabbed.
Her slender arms are trembling even when they touch her stomach.
Her fear had reached its limit, and tears had flowed from the boy's eyes.
Itachi"
the scarecrow screams.
I'm fine"
the scarecrows are watching from a distance as itachi answers calmly.
The boy slowly raises his head.
Her tear-soaked eyes look at the weasel.
「Ah, auuuh......」
fear is leaking out as a voice.
「You're already a full-fledged ninja. Get a hold of yourself.」
Talk softly to the enemy
The boy is confused and scared, and he doesn't understand.
I shook my head left and right, desperately trying to look away from reality.
You didn't run away from me. That's why I'm going to treat you like a proper ninja...
I hold the kunai behind my back so the boy doesn't see me.
As the enemy continues to cry, I thrust my blade into his neck from below.
I gently pull the kunai out of my belly and step back.
a spray of blood came from the boy's neck.
i don't take blood.
that is also a ninja's hobby.
Her young body tumbles on a mountain of corpses without enemies or allies.
「This is a battlefield.」
whisper in a voice no one can hear.
itachi is a question of heart.
(Am I really close to a dream?)
My body gradually becomes heavier and heavier as time slowly flows. When I was young, I wished to be a better ninja than anyone else. But the fences around my body are already far away, trying to fit the weasel into the frame of a mere ninja.
I want to be free from the village, my family, and the dark...
i know that's unforgivable.
The boy's eyes, which had lost their light, continued to stare at the agonizing itachi.
I want a list of the planned participants, routes of attack, targets, and targets of assassination, and I want to decide the day of the most important action at the next meeting. Until then, gather everyone's opinions. If you have any ideas, feel free to ask. Just be careful of the villagers' eyes"
After my father's words, my brothers relaxed for a moment.
it's the relaxation expected for the end of the meeting.
But everyone's feelings were shattered by Yashiro's strained voice.
“Is itachi here?”
itachi felt disgusted by the voice calling out to him.
「Ow, ow!」
Itachi doesn't answer, but I hear an irritated voice and finish him off.
I'm here"
i've got to get up.
Yashiro doesn't reprimand itachi for her attitude. He just looks at her coldly.
”You were there when the negotiations with the country of frost broke down the other day, right?”
......"
Answer me"
「The Dark Brotherhood's mission is not to be told to outsiders.」
“Are you serious?”
the deep wrinkles between yashiro's brows.
Itachi didn't answer. He just stared straight into the narrow eyes in front of him.
「Why did you join the dark side?」
......"
It's to get information from a place close to the center of the village and report it to us.
「Yashiro.」
The father called his confidant's name to save his silent son.
Yashiro doesn't answer his father. He just keeps glaring at itachi.
What did you bring to us when you joined the darkness? We haven't heard the secret of the village from you yet.
I just don't know, so I won't tell you"
Is that really all"
What do you mean by that"
itachi's eyes waver with animosity.
A man with long hair stands next to Yashiro, who accepts it with a fearless smile.
my home is inabi.
he is also my father's confidant.
You betrayed us...
Enough of this"
my father screamed.
Yashiro and Inabi fall silent.
「You all know what's going on in your family. There's no way you can do anything important when you're fighting amongst yourselves.」
......"
Yashiro's sitting there dissatisfied.
invigorated, followed.
「You sit down too, itachi.」
my father glares at me.
”Itachi...”
A father whispers to his son as he stands.
she sounded like she was begging me.
I'm sorry"
the pain in my chest just came out of my mouth.
my father's desperate to bring everyone together.
Why are you so servile and trying to settle things peacefully?
is the framework of family that important?
to itachi, it looked like he was being toyed with by the passions of young men.
I don't understand...
Anyway, the next meeting will decide our path. It's an important meeting. I won't allow you to be absent, so please be prepared.
The meeting ended in an unsettling atmosphere, and Itachi headed home alone without making eye contact with anyone.
i didn't even see shisui and izumi.
Danzo looks down at the hiruzen kissing the pipe.
hokage's office.
there's no one else.
It's been half a year since I entered the dark...
hilzen exhaled a cloud of smoke.
What are you talking about"
”Don't play dumb. It's about the man you love.”
「Hmph!」
sometimes hiruzen says it in such a roundabout way.
“He is faithful to his duties.”
I see"
「Didn't you come here to talk about him?」
he sees right through me.
It was unbearable for Danzo, who hated looking into his heart more than anyone else.
“It seems I have a subordinate who works directly for my family, Hiruzen.”
Hilzen put his mouth to the pipe, as if he'd been stabbed where it hurt"
danzo will continue.
I've been told that we've given you the authority to separate the sis from the mission and act on your own discretion. And even if it's in name, I can't believe you're letting our men into the shadows again"
The sis wanted me to be able to move freely. That's all I did.
「Did the Hokage listen to a single ninja's selfishness?」
「I was just drinking the feelings of someone who's worried about their family.」
The village won't be able to stand if you take care of each person's feelings like that.
You don't have to tell me that!
hiruzen cried out in frustration.
“Why don't you stop beating around the bush and say it clearly? What are you doing here today, Danzo?”
It's about time I stopped teasing her...
Danzo chuckles in his heart and says what he's been thinking for a long time.
Just like how you have your own pawns in our family, I want you to prepare one for me.
Tegoma
The moment he said that, Hiruzen's face betrayed an annoyance. And after he finished, he looked at Danzo with a smile on his face.
Are you telling me to give the weasel to the root"
I never thought about that"
Don't play dumb"
“I am not playing dumb.”
Hilzen narrowed his eyes to gauge Danzo's true intentions.
the countless wrinkles running through the corners of your eyes become deeper.
“What are you thinking?”
“Why don't you promote itachi to squad leader?”
He is only eleven years old.
「Squad leader of the Dark Brotherhood must be thirteen years old... Indeed, that is the rule.」
Hiruzen looks annoyed at Danzo, who says that with a faint smile.
The dark side is the village's center of operations. The squad leader must be able to make good judgments. That is why he's been qualified since he was thirteen years old"
Weasels already possess the ability to make decisions"
That's not the issue here"
Age is powerless in the face of ability.
Hiruzen fell silent at Danzo's firm stance.
「Is the code that important, Hiruzen? My family's dissatisfaction is already irrefutable. In order to overcome this situation, we need someone who can make good use of their willpower, and on top of that, you have connections with them. A mere dark shinobi can't escape from the squad leader's command. If we promote itachi to the squad leader, that means he'll be light-headed.」
So you're saying he doesn't belong to the root, but instead sits between you and me"
That's right. We have no equal in skill with the Itachi and the Shisie. If we can bring them here, it shouldn't be too difficult to prevent them from exploding. Just as you've granted them special privileges, itachi also needs a certain level of authority"
”But you're too young to be a captain at the age of eleven.”
hilzen is lost.
Just one more push...
“How about a twelve-year-old?”
the third hokage won't answer.
As for the rules, I think we can handle them well enough by raising itachi's public age by one year.
Let me think about it a little more"
Okay"
danzo's convinced.
hilzen will surely accept.
How's school"
Itachi asked his younger brother, who was sitting on the bench, and quenched his thirst with cold juice.
Training with Nii-san like this is much more beneficial.
Sasuke looked up at his brother and smiled as he gripped the dripping can in both hands.
Training with a sissy is far more beneficial"
when i first entered ninja school, itachi said the same thing.
it's a little late to be realizing that brothers and sisters are alike.
when sasuke returned home, i decided to train with him.
I don't get to spend much time with her, so I'm actively creating opportunities for her.
and now, this time with sasuke is the best cure for itachi
When I worked up a sweat with my brother, I was able to escape the heavy burdens of everyday life.
how long has it been like this?
Lately, whenever I see Sisie, we just talk about the future of our clan.
it's been years since we trained together.
Even when I'm talking to Izumi, I can't help but be distracted by the movements of her heart.
I knew I was being overly considerate, but there was nothing I could do.
In the end, only when I was training with my brother was I able to be myself without thinking about anything.
Is school boring"
That's not true, but...
sasuke stares into the can's mouth.
i think i know what my brother's thinking.
Your skills and way of thinking are so different that you don't get along with your friends, do you?
because it was itachi himself.
All my friends of the same age look so childish because I've done so much more than others.
The way we think and deal with things is so young that we can't talk to each other with the same values.
i vaguely thought that sasuke probably felt the same way
She felt that her younger brother had the same awkwardness in socializing as her.
「It's not like I'm thinking of doing it well. After all, they're completely hopeless at Ninjutsu and studying......」
「What about you, Naruto?」
Eh"
Sasuke's eyes widened at the unexpected name coming out of his brother's mouth.
the look on your face when you look up at itachi is full of surprises.
itachi himself was surprised.
i don't know why i said naruto's name.
It's just that the blond-haired child, who's the same age as my brother, has slipped my mind.
「She's no good no matter what I do. And she's always picking a fight with me, and she's a pain in the ass.」
「What about you, Naruto?」
I don't really think anything of him, but he complains about every little thing.
If my brother's position at school was the same as itachi's, then I think the other students are keeping their distance from him.
no one will truly become friends with you in exchange for seeing sasuke's abilities.
but naruto will attack sasuke
when it comes to the hokage, the image of him boasting comes to mind.
A pitiful child who carries the Nine-Tails in her body, and who will not be treated by anyone.
you believe in big dreams, but you don't doubt them.
His appearance, his manner of speech, everything seemed to be the complete opposite of his brother, Sasuke.
But... when I dream about the two of them standing side-by-side, it all seems strange.
「The fact that you're sticking your nose into it means you're worried about her. Be nice to her.」
「I can't get along with that guy.」
It'd be nice if we could do it someday"
and put his hand on his head.
It's absolutely impossible"
Sasuke closed his eyes, wrinkled his nose, and bit into his teeth.
Itachi couldn't help but laugh at his comical expression.
my brother starts laughing, too.
The warm sunset passes peacefully.
He closes his eyes with his arms folded, and when he hears the sound of the sliding door opening, he opens his eyes.
it's my room.
While looking at the tokonoma (alcove in a traditional Japanese room where art or flowers are displayed) on the seat of honor with my right hand, I leaned against the wall on the right side of the room.
It was my child who opened the shoji facing the hallway and showed his face.
What do you want, father?
My son, who's too good to be true, hasn't been very cold lately, and he won't even come into his room.
“Come in.”
When the pheasant urged him, he finally crossed the threshold of his reluctance.
He closed the sliding door behind him and sat in front of his father.
「You went to the park with Sasuke.」
「Okay.」
I made sure the two of them had returned covered in sweat, and called for them to take a bath.
my brother is having a conversation with his mother at the table.
「I have to prepare for tomorrow's mission. Please make it brief.」
My son, who stiffens his face as he says that, is clearly wary of his father.
that's understandable.
We haven't talked in a long time, and the only time they could hear each other's voices was at the meeting.
I can't show my parents my face in public.
It's only natural for us to distance ourselves from each other when we're acting like strangers.
Don't be so formal"
and he smiled.
with the best smile i can muster.
they don't usually laugh.
As captain of the police force, and leader of the young men of my clan, I do not wish to show any emotion.
No......
Come to think of it, I haven't laughed much since I was little.
Come to think of it, when was the last time I saw my son smile?
i didn't remember that.
My son and I are alike... A strange joy wells up in my heart.
As a parent, there was a difference between the pure joy of being like a child and the joy that Fugaku felt now.
Being called one of the best ninja schools, I passed the Nakanoin examination alone, and I was the first member of the family to become a member of the dark department.
i felt joy at the resemblance between myself and the shinobi who built up many legends.
It was a warped feeling as a father, seeing his son as an object of admiration.
And he's clearly aware of that feeling.
that's why, at times, the porcupine thinks he's a good son.
I couldn’t accept the fact that I was losing, not as a father, but as the same man.
That's why I can't help but be rude to itachi.
i think it's too stupid of me as a parent.
But no matter what, his pride as a shinobi can't be happy about itachi's success in life.
And a son like that was about to leave his hands...
「How's the Dark Brotherhood doing?」
Itachi looked at his father with wary eyes as he asked without losing his smile.
「If you practice what you've been doing every day since you graduated from the ninja academy, it's not a big deal.」
it's a very exemplary answer.
My son, who answered coldly, didn't seem to be speaking to his father, but rather to the leader of the young men in his family.
「Yashiro and Inabi aren't here.」
i tried to speak softly.
I'm your father, and you're my son. That's all I have in this room.
she's a smart girl.
After saying that, she seemed to understand my father's feelings very quickly.
But that doesn't mean I'm going to change my attitude to one of honest feelings like when I was five or six years old.
That's the least I can do to ease your guard.
Even so, itachi's eyes have become much calmer than before.
「It's the same as when we weren't in the dark.」
Aren't you going to do some hard work"
“Indeed it is...”
so he kept his mouth shut.
Then she closed her eyes for a moment, and looked straight at him again.
As long as you're in the dark club, you can't be naive.
“That's my boy.”
I always say these words when I praise my son, but at some point I feel like I've grown taller when I say them. Trying to keep my gifted child within my grasp.
My child"
that's what i feel.
I've already made a habit of saying it. When I want to praise my son, words come before thoughts. That's why.
That's my boy"
After saying that, a small sharp thorn pierced through my chest. And today, it felt pain in my chest again.
Spitting out words as if to shake off the itchiness in my stomach
Don't worry about what happened at the meeting.
Eh"
My son looked at me with surprised eyes.
He was probably expecting to be reprimanded for his conversation with Yashiro and the others at the meeting.
As a result of that betrayal, Itachi was surprised.
Not everyone in my family has the same idea. I don't intend to force our ideas on you. I want you to be more like a rock-like man who opposes the current than a stone-like being who's being swept away by the current.
Father...
「You don't have to change your mind. If you can't accept what Yashiro and the others have to say, then just say what you think is fair and square.」
However, that meeting doesn't seem to allow that.
i couldn't help but let out a sigh.
“It is as you say. The young are so enthusiastic that they cannot see themselves. And even if they eliminate those who do not sympathize with them, they are trying to push forward with their noble feelings.”
Father...
itachi kept his mouth shut.
What? Say it clearly"
「Okay.」
He spoke as if he'd made up his mind.
Do you have a different opinion from them?
“Indeed.”
i swear.
I feel the same way as they do. I'm just not young enough to get rid of different ideas.
i could feel my son's disappointment in my hands.
「I see...」
the stones are already rolling.
There's nothing we can do about it now.
no, i didn't mean to.
it's the rebellion that's left in the family.
But... I didn't want to force my son to obey.
You need only be pure to your heart's content. Find your answer by hesitating, hesitating, and hesitating. And when you find your answer, don't hesitate. Find your answer, and stick to it. That is your decision"
”A decision...”
“That’s right. Few people in this world live their lives while making their own decisions. Everyone lives while leaving their decisions to others and averting their eyes from their responsibilities. Don’t live that way. Make your own decisions and move on.”
the pheasant felt something hot in the back of his eyes.
She's desperately trying to suppress her excitement so that her son won't notice.
「Understood.」
He exhaled a small breath, and itachi turned to his father with a hot gaze.
I won't leave my life's decisions to anyone else"
That's my child.
it's been a long time since the pheasant was able to say these words honestly.
no chest pain.
Danzo didn't miss the slight trembling in Hiruzen's brow.
This is the main meeting room of the Hokage residence, where the budget policy for the administration of the hidden leaf village is determined.
Hilzen and Danzo, as well as Koharu and Homura, who served as councilors"
The basic policy will be decided at this meeting. With that in mind, Hiruzen will take responsibility for the village's administration and officially adopt the budget"
About the budget for this police force...
Hiruzen took his eyes off the documents and looked at the other three.
he's got a proposal from danzo and the others.
There's a proposal to drastically reduce the budget. What do you mean by that, Koharu?
When he called out her name, Koharu opened her thin eyes a bit, then looked at Hiruzen"
It's already been seven years since the war ended. The peace of the village has largely calmed down. On top of that, it's become customary for the underworld to act on important and violent crimes. The roles of the police force are limited at the moment. Don't they need the funds they have until now"
That being said, isn't it too sudden to suddenly reduce the amount by 40%? This will have some effect on the personnel of the police force as well.
Looking at the face of Hiruzen, who looked like he had bitten a bitter bug, Mitomon Homura opened his mouth.
「We've almost finished rebuilding after the attack on the Nine-Tails Vale, and we need to build new facilities and widen roads. We need to expand the Ninja Academy, which abolished the early graduation system. We don't have time to spend on organizations that are on the decline.」
“I know that. I know, but the fact that he only sees the police force as his enemy only increases...”
「Would you incite their discontent?」
Danzo spat out words, enough of his action as it was, and went on like a whirlwind.
Then let me ask you this. Are there any other departments in this village where the police force is more likely to reduce their workload? The peace of the village and the expansion of the dark division's workload are clear. The police force can't fulfill any other duty than maintaining public order. And it's doubtful that they're faithfully fulfilling that duty due to their dissatisfaction with the village. I think securing the current budget is just an indulgence"
I'm not spoiling you. I'm protecting you.
Protection? Why do you need to protect people who won't be a hindrance to your work?
It's because their activities are limited by people like you who are prejudiced against their family!
Hilzen slammed his hands on the table and stood up. Homura and Koharu watched it calmly.
Without holding back the smile on his face, Danzo spoke to his old friend, the third generation.
「Perhaps we should protect them because they're prejudiced... Isn't that what separates them and discriminates them?」
What did you say...
Because we have a job as a police force and more than enough funds from the village, our family refuses to be contacted by outsiders, and is secretly operating alone. Since you're isolated from the police force under the pretense of protection, wouldn't it be possible for them to grow dissatisfaction within themselves"
The establishment and management of the police force is the will of the deceased second generation.
Don't you think that's an old-fashioned way of thinking?
「Now that the war's over and the Nine-Tails Vale's wounds have healed, I think we need to change things. What do you think?」
「No objections.」
Koharu gave a voice of agreement.
Homura silently nodded in agreement.
We've already made arrangements with the two of them. The three of us agreed on reducing the budget of the police force.
hiruzen is the only one out of the picture.
「What if my family's dissatisfaction erupts?」
You're using your sissy to prevent that, aren't you?
danzo made a decisive move.
Hilzen's mouth will be pricked where it hurts.
「Isn't that why you gave the authority to remove the young ninja who were worried about their family from their normal duties, give them a nominal position, and allow them to make arbitrary decisions?」
Thirty percent...
hilzen spoke in a hoarse voice.
Agonizing choice.
it's what we're supposed to do.
danzo doesn't think 40 percent reduction is possible either.
i expected a reasonable line of sighting to be 30 percent.
If we cut the budget by more than 30%, the police won't be able to avoid a backlash"
「I salute the Hokage's decision.」
Hiruzen looked at Danzo's suggestive words with a sour look.
sis called me to the usual cliff.
it's already midnight.
villages and settlements are asleep.
Even so, I've awoken to the darkness that guards the settlement.
I remembered all the security cameras' angles during my duties as a clansman.
We've already devised a route that allows us to move freely through the settlement while taking advantage of the small gaps in camera angles.
i only told sis about the dark spot surveillance and blind spot routes.
shisui is the only shinobi i can trust.
i would never say anything to anyone else.
sis ii also went through a blind spot route to the cliff
there's no one who knows about these two visits.
When we left the settlement and escaped from the security cameras, itachi ran.
The moon shines near the center of the sky.
I run under the twinkling stars like it’s about to rain, choosing darkness.
Suddenly cracked the forest, then came the cliff we were looking for. At the end of the rough rocks, there was a humanoid"
It stands as if to show its back, staring at the flow of the river below the cliff
Itachi ran up to him and stopped behind him.
Sorry to keep you waiting"
“I just got here.”
As she said that, she turned around, her face clearly exhausted.
A faint dark circles under her eyes, and her cheeks are slightly dimpled.
Her chin was sharper than it used to be. It looked more like she was overworked than an adult.
「You look quite tired.」
A lot has happened...